title: Account Management V2 (Business Requirement Document for Internal Team)
body: # **Disclaimer**

This document is intended for discussion purposes only and does not create any
legally binding obligations. The information contained in this document is
based on material we believe to be reliable; however, we do not  represent
that it is accurate, current, complete, or error free. This document will
evolve as the process moves forward and requirements change/new requirements
are placed.

  
 **This document contains Confidential Information. You may not copy or
reproduce it or disclose or distribute any of it to any other person without
our prior written consent.**

##  **Purpose  **

The purpose of this document is to present a detailed description of the
**Account Management** application. It will explain the purpose and features
of the system, the interfaces of the system, what the system will do, the
constraints under which it must operate and how the system will react to
external stimuli. This document is intended for both the stakeholders and the
developers of the system and will be proposed to the client for its approval.  
  

The Pop-up Alert essentially provides notification to the hypercube site in
the form of Pop-over messages.

This document will evolve during the requirements gathering to a final
description of the proposed requirements.  
  

##  **Scope**

The fundamental premise of the application is to provide a user-friendly,
easily understandable, & smoothly manageable offer management features to
Financial Institutions.

The app would allow launching of campaigns, and offers, using csv spreadsheets
while also letting the internal team users have control  over their
clients/users.

The remainder of this document details the features of this system and its
implementation requirements.

#  **Client Management**

The permission to the Account Management V2  should be adjusted by ticking the
checkbox from Client Management as shown below:

#  **Logging In**

Logging into Account Management V2, users will be directed to the following
log in page:

##  **Search Type**

User email/ Account number/ SSN/ Account Name. Depending on the option
selected the interface will display as follows:

  
  

##  **Search keyword**

User will need to provide the specific keyword depending on the search type
he/she selects.

  * Account Number

Search keyword- Account Number

  * User Email

Search keyword- Email Address. While using an email address as keywords will
display all the accounts related as search results (exact search checkbox will
not be displayed)

  * SSN

Search keyword- Social Security Number. It must be noted that the SSN feature
is only applicable for eTax.

  * Account Name

Search keyword- Account Name. While using an Account Name as keywords will
display all the accounts related as search results (exact search checkbox will
not be displayed)

##  **Like Match**

Providing an account number or email address which partially matches the a
list of numbers/emails will direct the user to the following page which will
display information in an alphabetically sorted manner as shown below:

  

##  **Exact Match**

Clicking on this and selecting  will show the exact result the user has put as
input in the account number. Not clicking on the exact match will carry out a
**partial search** which picks out the 3 rightmost numbers of the string input
and produces results which have strings matching the rightmost numbers.

##  **User Creation**

New user can be created by clicking on the following button from the login
page:

Clicking on the New User button will direct to the following page:

Providing all the required information, the user will be redirected to the
following page where saving the progress will create the new user:

##  ****

##  **Account Creation**

Users will be able to create new account from the login page by clicking on
the   as shown:

Clicking on the  will direct the user to the following screen:

Providing all the fields and saving the progress will direct to the following
confirmation screen:

  
  
  

#  **Account Management V2 Home Page**

#  **Document Searching via Archival Period**

  
  
  

 **Archival Period(All):** As shown above, using the archival period date
ranges users need to specify both starting and ending dates. Documents in the
Sub tabs (Statements, Tax, notices, Mortgage Statements, etc) will be
displayed according to the date ranges provided in the archival period. For
the Checks tab, the archival period will be the same as the one set for all
the other tabs

 **Selective Archival Period:** archival period can be customized for each
statement type (etax, notices, mortgage statements) except for Checks tab
which is not regarded as a statement. For Checks, the archival period will be
the same as the statement type having the highest archival period.

The following screenshots below displays sub tabs configured as per a
Financial institution's requirements. It should be noted that the name of the
sub tabs are configurable and are not permanent.

  
  
  
  

  

##  **View PDF Document**

Clicking on icon will open a new tab in which the pdf document will be
displayed.

##  **HTML Document  **

As the name suggests, clicking on icon will display the html document of the
statement in a separate tab.

##  **Email Statement/ On-Demand PDF Push  **

Selecting  icon will display the following pop-up:

Typing the email address and password will send the PDF document to that email
which will be password protected, ie: the email account holder will need to
know the password in order to view the attached pdf document in the email.

  
  

#  **Account Information**

The following screenshot displays the Account Information section:

##  ****

##  **Account Name Dropdown  **

The dropdown shown below displays all the accounts associated with that
particular account and will be  sorted according to the Account type as shown
below:

##  **Status**

  * Active: Account is Active 
  * Inactive: Account is frozen/ temporarily closed.
  * Close: Account is permanently inactive/closed

##  **Account Owner  **

Primary user

##  **Not Viewable  **

if the check-box is ticked, FI users will not be able to view statements from
member websites:

#  **User Information** ** **

The following screenshot displays the User Information section:

##  **Add User/ Unlink   User and Account Association Buttons: **

"Add User" feature enables user to create a new user by selecting  button.
"Unlink  User and Account Association" feature enables user to unlink user
from that account by clicking on  button.

##  **Username Dropdown**  

Displays all the users associated with that particular account. The items of
the dropdown are sorted alphabetically on the basis of the user's first name.

##  **Unique Identifier (CIF Number)  **

A unique number to identify one particular user for that particular account
(Netteller ID | cash management ID, Secondary External ID | Primary External
ID)

##  **SSO Enrollment Date  **

Date when user logged into hypercube by single sign on

##  **Session Last Login   **

Last login time of user

##  **Session Failed Counter  **

Number of times the user failed to log into themember site

##  **Enrollment Status  **

Member site enrollment status of the user.

  * Enrolled: User will be able to directly login to hypercube
  * Unenrolled: User will need to go through 3 steps of Enrollment Steps

  

##  **User Status  **

  * Active: Account is Active 
  * Inactive: User Link is deleted from corresponding account/s
  * Lockout: User is locked due to wrong credentials

  

##  **Esignature Enrollment  **

User enrollment status for eSignature module. This status can be changed by
selecting the  button which pops the following modal:

Selecting the Enroll option will display thebutton in the interface. Selecting
button will redirect the user to the eSignature module, (provided that the
eSignature feature is enabled) in which the user will be able to create/send
eSignature package.

##  **Epayment Enrollment**

User enrollment status for ePayment module. This status can be changed by
selecting the  button which pops the following modal:

Selecting the Enroll option will display the button in the interface.
Selecting  button will redirect the user to the ePayment module, (provided
that the ePayment feature is enabled)

  

#  **Delivery Preference** ** **

The following screenshot displays the Delivery Preference section:

This section displays the delivery preference status of the account selected.
This status can be changed by selecting  which displays the following modal:

##  **Paper as Delivery Preference**

Selecting this option will enable users to receive statements/ enotices etc in
Paper. The following shows the modal that will be displayed when the user
selects Paper as delivery preference:

##  **Electronic as Delivery Preference**  

Selecting this option will enable users to receive statements/enotices etc
Electronically. The following shows the modal that will be displayed when the
user selects Electronic delivery preference.

##  **Both as Delivery Preference   **

Selecting this option will enable users to receive statements/enotices etc
both Electronically and in Paper. The following shows the modal that will be
displayed when the user selects Both as delivery preference.

##  **Paperless History  **

Selecting   icon will produce the following modal displaying all
paperless/electronic history of the account.

 **Download-** selecting this icon will download the corresponding paperless/
paper history.

  

#  **Batch Download**

Clicking on   will direct the user to the following page:

  
  
  
  

 **Batch Download Archival Period:** The Archival period date ranges (how far
back it can go) are configurable and can be configured from the backend. For
selective archival, this archival period follows the one for the statement
type having the highest archival period.

User will need to select a date range and at least one Account Number and then
clicking on   to create a batch download task:

After  is clicked the following table will be shown:

Clicking on will combine all documents in one single pdf. Clicking on will
combine all documents in one zip file, extracting which will download separate
pdf documents. The Batch Download Task section will then be populated with a
new entry of statements with a "processing" status. As soon as the status
turns "ready", the download link will appear; now the user can download the
pdf documents in a zip file which can later be extracted.

Selecting any/all document(s) and clicking on  will combine the statements
into one single PDF and generate a single PDF document. The Batch Download
Task section will then be populated with a new entry of statements with a
"processing" status. As soon as the status turns "ready", the download link
will appear; now the user can download the pdf documents in a zip file which
can later be extracted. As the name already suggests, pressing  the will
combine all the documents into one single PDF which can later be downloaded.

#  **Notification Preference**

The following screenshot displays the Notification Preference section:

After selecting the Delivery Preference as **Electronic** , the notification
Preference section will display in the interface and the user will be able to
change the Notification Preference to anyone of the following three options:

##  ****

##  **Email  **

The user will only be notified through email. Selecting the Email option will
prompt the user to provide email as follows:

##  **SMS  **

The user will only be notified through SMS. Selecting the SMS option will
prompt the user to provide phone number as follows:  
  

##  **Email and SMS**

The user will be notified through both email and SMS. However this option will
only be available when the Delivery Preference is Electronic. Selecting the
Email and SMS option will prompt the user to provide both email and mobile
number as follows:

##  **User Link-Up**

A new/different user can be linked to another user by selecting the Add User
option:

Clicking on the Add User option will direct the user to the following pop-
over:

User CIF- searching a CIF number will create a data table as shown below:

Selecting a username and clicking on Next button will direct the user to the
following page where an email address and a delivery preference needs to be
selected:



Clicking on Next will display the following page:

Clicking on the Enroll button will link the account to the user which can be
viewed from that user's account dropdown.

 **Create New User-** Clicking on this button will follow the workflow as
defined in [Create New
User:](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1KcfWK9fZgDKYrYzKUhuQFiYI0PEHErpGD79ULPgUHVo/edit#heading=h.jijtwwc1tr7)

#  **Important Features**

 **By Selective:  **

This feature enables the user to separately select delivery preference for
each application (such as electronic for estatement, paper for Heloc, etc).

 **Doc Description Column:**

Enabling this flag will display a description column in the Data Table for
both **Infotrac** and **Hypercube:**

  

 **Account Search with SSN:  **

Using this a user can search for another one by searching his/her social
security number

 **Opt-Out of Notifications:**

Opting out of notification will not send users further notification. If user
is registered in the Selective feature, user will be able to separately opt
out of anyone of the application

 **Both as Delivery Preference for Unenroll:  **

For unenrolled users, if this feature is enabled for a user, that user will be
able to select "Both" option in delivery preference.

 **Email Preference Required:  **

Users must set notification preference to email.

 **Following (Dependance):  **

As an example of the flag the following hypothesis is true-if a Statement is
following Enotice, changing ENotice from Paper to Paperless will change
Statement as well.

 **Disable paper:  **

Enabling this flag will disable the paper option from when user clicks on . In
other words, the user will not be able to switch to paper as delivery
preference.

 **Paper Dependance:**  

As an example of the flag the following hypothesis is true- if the Statement
is paper-dependent on Enotice, and is changed to paper, Enotice must already
have to be in paper or else the Statement will not change.

 **Paperless Restriction:**  

As an example of the flag the following hypothesis is true- Mortgage and
Enotice being two separate statements, if there is a paperless restriction on
Enotice it means Enotice will not be enrolled as paperless unless Mortgage is
already enrolled in paperless.

  

 **Email opt-out:  **

Checking into this option will disable all emails to the user for a specific
period of time.

 **Not Viewable:** ** **

This feature disables the display of documents in statement tabs in the
hypercube site.

  

If Notification preference is dependant on Delivery Preference and if one of
the statements is converted to Paperless, then email is displayed in box

  

 **Unenroll on Delivery Preference change:**  

For multiple statements, if atleast one of the statements is paperless then
**Enrollment Status** (User Information) will be **Enrolled**. If no statement
is paperless then, **** Enrollment Status will be **Unenrolled**. Depending on
the Enrollment Status, email address will be displayed in the Delivery
Preference subsection. It must be noted that if enrollment status is
unenrolled then the Edit Delivery Preference message box will not display
paperless as an option.

 **Limitations:  **

It is worth noting that there are certain configurable limitations in the
application for these two buttons: **1) The document number** **2) Page
Limit**. If a user tries to download anything exceeding the predetermined
limit, an error message will display in the page and the user will not be able
to download.


