title: Account Management Properties Documentation
body:   

**acceptAlphaNumeric:** Enable/Disable Account Search and Account Creation
with Alphanumeric value.

For example, If the "acceptAlphaNumeric" flag  is true Account can be created
with an alphanumeric value and If the flag is false Account can be created
with only Numeric value.  
  
 **accountNotViewable:** Enable/Disable Not Viewable check option. Only if the
flag is true the check option should be present and when the checkbox is
checked or unchecked "The account's viewable status has been successfully
updated" message should show.

  
  
 **accountSearchCriteria:** This property is used to add account search
options like searching with account number, email etc. For example,

"accountSearchCriteria": [

      {

            "value": "acctNum",

            "text": "Account Number"

      },

     {

            "value": "email",

            "text": "User Email"

      },

      {

            "value": "ssn",

            "text": "Social Security Number"

     }

]

The above property is used to add the criteria for searching an account with
Account Number, Email Address and Social Security Number. The UI for the above
property is shown below,  
  

 **  
accountType:** This property is used to show an Account Type dropdown list on
Account Creation Page to select an account type option when creating an
account. For example,

For Account Management version 1,

"accountType": {

        "A": "Accounts Payable",

        "D": "Deposit Account",

        "L": "Loans",

        "O": "Overdraft Protection",

        "S": "Savings Account",

        "T": "Time Deposits Accounts",

        "U": "Unknown Accounts"

    },

For Account Management version 2,

"accountType": [

        {

            "text": "Accounts Payable",

            "value": "A"

        },

        {

            "text": "Deposit Account",

            "value": "D"

        },

        {

            "text": "Loans",

            "value": "L"

        },

        {

            "text": "Overdraft Protection",

            "value": "O"

        },

       {

            "text": "Savings Account",

            "value": "S"

        },

        {

            "text": "Time Deposits Accounts",

            "value": "T"

        },

        {

            "text": "Unknown Accounts",

            "value": "U"

        }

    ]

In the above property the way to enter the options for account type is shown.
The change on the UI for this property is shown in the below image,  
  

 **  
archivalPeriod:** This property is used to set Archival Period separately for
each statement/document.

    "archivalPeriod": {

        "default": 5,

        "visa": 6,

        "mortgage": 13,

        "enotice": 5,

        "etax": 17,

        "closedAccount": 6,

        "unenrolledArchival": 8

    }  
  

  

 **archivalPeriodPriority:** To enable setting archival by application, this
property must be defined. For example,

The sample Json Property below is for a client that has a different archival
for Infotrac and Hypercube (Property on inside child /application property).  

"archivalPeriodPriority": [

        "appType"

    ],

    "infotrac": {

        "archivalPeriod": {

            "default": 5,

            "visa": 6,

            "mortgage": 13,

            "enotice": 5,

            "etax": 17,

            "closedAccount": 6,

            "unenrolledArchival": 8

        }

    },

    "hypercube": {

        "archivalPeriod": {

            "default": 5,

            "visa": 6,

            "mortgage": 13,

            "enotice": 5,

            "etax": 17,

            "closedAccount": 6,

            "unenrolledArchival": 8

        }

The sample Json Property below is for a client that has the same selective
archival for both Infotrac and Hypercube (Property on inside parent property).

"archivalPeriodPriority": [

        "appType"

    ],

    "archivalPeriod": {

        "default": 5,

        "visa": 6,

        "mortgage": 13,

        "enotice": 5,

        "etax": 17,

        "closedAccount": 6,

        "unenrolledArchival": 8

    }

  
 **attachedStatement:** If the property is true then the user should have the
option to attach a statement with email. When "attachedStatement'': true the
Attach Statement checkbox should show on the account information page. The
check option should be disbled for the admin user and if you hover on it
"Statement attach option change is not allowed by admin since existing user
password change may cause security risk." message should show  
  

 **  
batchDownload:** Used to Enable/Disable batch download functionality.

For example,

"batchDownload": {

        "enabled": true,

        "enableCombineIntoSinglePdf": true,

        "enableCompressToZip": true,

        "ttl": "35",

        "initialRefreshIntervalTime": 100,

        "refreshIntervalTime": 150,

        "searchType": "document",

        "maximumPageCount": 30,

        "maximumDocumentCount": 3

}

  * When **" enabled": true** only then the  "Batch Download Document" button will show on the Account information page otherwise it won't.  
  

  *  **" enableCombineIntoSinglePdf": true** property is entered to show the "Combine into Single pdf" button and if the property is false the button will nott show on the Batch Download page.
  * " **enableCompressToZip ": true** property is entered to show the "Compress to Zip" button and if the property is false the button will nott show on the Batch Download page.
  *  **" ttl": "35" **This property is used to define the history of the batch download task. If the value is 35 then any zip file will be deleted from the table after 35 days.
  *  **" initialRefreshIntervalTime": 500** property value is used to define the initial refresh time when a batch job is created if the batch job gets created within that time it shows on the Batch Download Tasks table with the status ready. If the value is 500 it means 100millisecond. If this property is not present then by default it is set to 10000 milliseconds.
  *  **" refreshIntervalTime": 1000** property value is used to define the time interval after which the refresh should happen. In this case it's 1000 millisecond.  If a batch job is created but it did not get the ready status in the initialRefreshIntervalTime then refresh should happen after every 1000 ms. If this property is not present then by default it is set to 60000 milliseconds.
  *  **" searchType": "document" **
  *  **" maximumPageCount": 30** is used to define the maximum number of pages allowed when selecting documents to create a batch job. In this case the maximum number of pages allowed for all the selected documents to have is 30 in total. If this property is not present then by default it is set to 300 pages.
  *  **" maximumDocumentCount": 3** is used to define the maximum number of documents allowed to create a batch job. If the property value is 3 then only 3 or less than 3 documents can be selected to create a batch job. If this property is not present then by default it is set to 150 pages.

  
  

 **bothAsDeliveryPreferenceForUnenroll:** If
"bothAsDeliveryPreferenceForUnenroll": true then for the accounts that has
"not enrolled" status the delivery Preference dropdown on delivery preference
section should show BOTH for them.  
  

  

 **checkImage:** If this flag is true the Checks tab on the Account
Information page should show. For example,

 ****

 **  
defaultStartDate:** Pre-Archival period of statements elected by the live date
(for eStatements). For example, if "defaultStartDate": 13 the statements on
the account information page should show from 13 months prior date to the
current date range.  
  
 **  
disableEditOnSSO:** If the flag is true SSO user's Delivery Preference,
Notification Preference, Email Address and Phone Number edit icons shouldn't
be present.  
  
 **disableEditOnDSO:** If the flag is true DSO user's Delivery Preference,
Notification Preference, Email Address and Phone Number edit icons shouldn't
be present  
  
 **disableElectronicForUnenrollUser:** if this flag is true Electronic will
not be shown in the drop down to change delivery preference only if the user
is unenrolled (No DSO/SSO date).  
  

 **  
disableDP4UnknownSSODSO:** If this flag is true unenrolled user's Delivery
Preference, Notification Preference and Phone Number edit icons shouldn't be
present only Email Address edit icon should be present.  
  
 **disableDPPaper2E4SSO:** If this flag is true then the SSO user's  Delivery
Preference, Notification Preference, Email Address and Phone Number edit icons
shouldn't be present when the delivery preference is Paper. But when the
delivery preference is electronic Delivery Preference, Notification
Preference, Email Address and Phone Number edit icons should be present.  
  
 **disableDPPaper2E4DSO:** If the flag is true,

  * DSO user's Delivery Preference, Notification Preference, Email Address and Phone Number edit icon shouldn't be present when the delivery preference is Paper. But when the delivery preference is electronic Delivery Preference, Notification Preference, Email Address and Phone Number edit icons should be present.
  * SSO user's Delivery Preference, Notification Preference, Email Address and Phone Number edit icon should be present for both Paper and Electronic as delivery preference.
  * Unenrolled user's Delivery Preference and Email Address edit icons should be present but Notification Preference and Phone Number edit icons shouldn't be present for both Paper and Electronic as delivery preference.

 **  
editProfilePrimaryEmail:** Enable/Disable email address edit icon on
Notification preference.

If "editProfilePrimaryEmail" is true then the Email Address edit icon should
show but if the property is false the edit icon will not show.  
  
  
 **editProfilePhone:** Enable/Disable phone number edit icon on Notification
preference. If "editProfilePhone" is true then the Phone Number edit icon
should show but if the property is false the edit icon will not show.  
  
  
 **emailAndSmsNotification:** This property is used to show Notification type
for both email and sms on Notification preference.  
  
  
 **enableOptOutStatements & restrictionConfig:** Enable/Disable Opt-out
Statement  for byselective cid's only according to the restriction. For
example,

"restrictionConfig": [

        "mortgage"

    ],

"enableOptOutStatements": "true"

According to the above properties the opt-out statement option should be
present only for the mortgage statement. If the opt-out statement option is
checked then it disables all emails to the user for a specific period of time.  
  
  
 **hideDSOEnrollDate:** If this flag is true the user will not be able to see
DSO Enrollment date.  
  
  
 **includeInserts:** If this flag is true the inserts will show with
statements. But if it is false then the inserts will not show with the
statements.  

 **npLinkType:** Type of notification preference linking. It could be on user
level, account level or ufa level. This property can have three different
values,

  *  **byUsr:** User can have the same notification preference for all the accounts that user is linked with.
  *  **byAccount:**  
  *  **byUfa:** User can have different values for all the users and accounts that user is linked with if different email or sms is entered.. 

 **  
paperlessConfiguration:** This property can have two different values,

  *  **byAccount:   **Users can have different delivery preferences for each of the accounts the user is linked with.
  *  **bySelective:** Users can have different delivery preferences for each of the statement types of each account based on the statements configuration. By group or dependent statements will also follow this configuration value.

  

 **profileEmailLimit:** This property is used to define how many email
addresses should be allowed for an account or user. This email address shows
in the Notification Preference section of an account. For now the limit of
email address is only 1.  For example, "profileEmailLimit": 1  
 **  
  
profilePhoneLimit:** This property is used to define how many phone numbers
should be allowed for an account or user. This phone number shows in the
Notification Preference section of an account. For now the limit of phone
numbers is only 1.  For example, "profilePhoneLimit": 1 **  
**

 **  
**  
 **restrictPaperlessEnrollment:** If this flag is true Delivery Preference,
Notification Preference, Email Address and Phone number edit icon should only
be present when delivery preference is Electronic not paper. But if the flag
is false then the Edit icon should be present for all of them.  
  
 **showAcctDescription:** It's used to show the Account Description of a user
when the property is true only.

For example,  
  

 **  
showNpRegardlessDP:** If this flag is true Notification Preference will be
shown regardless delivery preference (even if delivery preference is paper)  
  
  
 **smsNotification:** This property is used to show Notification Type edit-
icon. Only when this flag is true the notification type edit icon should show
otherwise it shouldn't.  
  
  

 **ssoEnrollment:** This flag is used for the enrollment process. When the
flag "ssoEnrollment" is  true the client will go through the enrollment
process but if the flag is false the client doesn't need to go through the
enrollment process.

 **statements:** This property contains objects of each statement type. A
sample of this property is shown below,

"paperlessConfiguration": "bySelective",

    "statements": {

        "default": {

            "name": "Member Statements",

            "following": "default",

            "paperDependents": [

                "enotice"

            ]

        },

        "enotice": {

            "name": "Notices",

            "following": "enotice",

            "paperlessRestrictions": "default"

        },

        "etax": {

            "name": "eTax",

            "following": "etax",

            "disablePaper": true

        },

        "heloc": {

            "name": "Home Equity Billing Notice",

            "following": "default"

        }

    }

As shown in the example inside a statement type there are following
properties:

  *  **name** (Mandatory field) **:** It contains statement type description or name of the statement type for the UI.
  *  **following** (Optional field) **:** This property checks if the paperless configuration is bySelective. It indicates which statement type the current statement type is following regarding delivery preference.
  *  **disablePaper** (Optional field) **:** If this property is true it indicates that the current statement can not go to paper.
  *  **paperlessRestrictions** (Optional field) **:** [can have multiple statement types] This property indicates if the current statement can not go to paperless unless these statement types go to paperless.
  *  **paperDependents** (Optional field) **:** [can have multiple statement type] This property checks if the paperless configuration is bySelective. It indicates which statement type will go to paper if the current statement changes paperless to paper. It ensures the paperless restriction business.  
Note:

    1. If the statements that have paperless restriction on a particular statement type, those applications will be dependent on that statement type as well. For example if "enotice" has paperlessRestriction on "default" statement then "default" statement will have "enotice" as paperDependent.
    2. If a statement has **disablePaper** as true that statement should not be in paperDependent for any other statement

 **  
  
statementArchivalPeriod:** Every statement/document should show within the
same date range (number of months). When the archival period is not selective
this flag should be present.  
  
 **unenrollOnDeliveryPreferenceChange** **:** This property is used to
unenroll a user when delivery preference is changed from electronic to paper
for all the statements.  
  
 **userAndAccountCreation:** This property is used to Enable/Disable User and
Account Creation features.

For example,

"userAndAccountCreation": {

        "primaryUsrFlag": "ignore",

        "accessCreateUser": true,

        "linkPrimaryUsrFlag": "N",

        "enable": true,

        "emailPreferenceRequired": true,

        "accessCreateAccount": true,

        "enableUserDeletion": true

    }

Here, only when **" enable": true** the Create New User/Account section is
enabled.  
  

  * The expected behavior for a particular client when linking a user can be decided by **primaryUsrFlag** and **linkPrimaryUsrFlag**. Following table shows the details:

 **primaryUsrFlag**

|

 **linkPrimaryUsrFlag**

|

 **Primary User exists?**

|

 **Primary user linked?**

|

 **User View**  
  
---|---|---|---|---  
  
ignore

|

N/A

|

N/A

|

N/A

|

Sub user will be linked with the account  
  
create

|

Yes

|

Yes

|

Yes

|

Sub user will be linked with the account  
  
Yes

|

Yes

|

No

|

Both the users will be linked with the account  
  
Yes

|

No

|

N/A

|

Primary user (with the name CIDnewusr) will be created and both the users will
be linked with the account  
  
No

|

Yes

|

N/A

|

Sub user will be linked with the account  
  
No

|

No

|

N/A

|

Primary user (with the name CIDnewusr) will be created but only secondary user
will be linked with the account  
  
require

|

Yes

|

Yes

|

Yes

|

Sub user will be linked with the account  
  
Yes

|

Yes

|

No

|

Both the users will be linked with the account  
  
Yes

|

No

|

N/A

|

No user will be linked with the account  
  
No

|

Yes

|

N/A

|

Sub user will be linked with the account  
  
No

|

No

|

N/A

|

No user will be linked with the account  
  
  

  *  **" accessCreateAccount": true** is used to enable the Create new Account button.  
  

  *  **" accessCreateUser": true** is used to enable the Create new User button and Add User link.  
  

  *  **" emailPreferenceRequired": true** is used for enrollment at the time of linking the user with the account by entering an email address for the delivery preference Electronic.  
  

  *  **" enableUserDeletion": true** is used to enable the Delete User button. When this button is clicked it makes the user inactive, deletes the notification preference of the user.  
  

 **viewMultipleChecks:** If this flag is true The "View Multiple" button and
the checkbox to select the check images should show to view multiple check
images. Only when the checkbox is checked the View Multiple button should be
enabled and the user will be able to view the check images on a new w tab
otherwise it should show disabled. But If the flag is false then the checkbox
to select check images and the View Multiple button should not show. So the
user will not be able to view multiple check images.

  


