title: Advanced Online Proofing
body: The purpose of the advanced online proofing is to act as a gatekeeper for
processed jobs until client can approve the contents. Part of this process can
include the optional 'Divert Document' feature. An overall state workflow can
be found attached 'Estmt Online Proofing Sequence 2.0.pdf'. Documents going
through the approval process are not visible via the admin or member site. The
only way a customer can view the samples is to go to the 'Job Status' tab on
InfoTRAC.

  

## Setup

### InfoTRAC

Client Management > { CID } > Feature Settings

The following options need to be selected as well as have the correct levels
set. Advanced online proofing is split between Print and Electronic (I believe
Print needs to be enabled for Electronic to work as well. Need someone to
double check).

  * E-Statement Online Proofing
  * Extended Tracking : Level 3
  * Mail Tracking : Level 3
  * Job Status
  * Print Online Proofing

#### Job Status

The top job has not yet been reviewd by DP (Internal). Once an internal team
member reviews and approves they will select the circle checkbox. Only then
will the corrosponding icons shows in the second job appear visible to the
client. Once the client approves or disapproves the icons will be changed to a
message of who made the the Approve/Disapprove action as well as a timestamp.

### Processing Configurations

The { CID }.conf will need to include flags to let the ProcessingJob that to
go through the advanced online proofing logic.

#### needApproval

The standard flag for setting the approval logic is
global.{application}.needApproval=true. For etax, all jobs are required to go
through the advanced online proofing system and hence are true by default. To
bypass etax approval process (pilot) you will need to explicitly set the
needApproval flag to false.

#### bypassApproval

If we want to bypass an operator in the approval process we can specify
global.{application}.bypassApproval=DP. This will automatically set the
approval status as 'Reviewd_By_DP', and notify the client the job is ready for
review. At this time we cannot bypass the client (for possible internal
approval only?).

## New Database Fields

### Process Job

#### Approval Status

This field is used to store the overall approval status of the job. The PUI
will display the stated depending on this data. The Approved/Dissaproved flags
are used as modifiers to the actual status. While DP or the Client reviews the
job but disapproves it, the final status will be a negative value as either -2
or -10.

The approval_status' (JobStatus.ApprovalStatus) values are as follows:

  * No Approval Required (0)

  * Need Approval (1)

  * Reviewed By DP (2)

  * Reviewed By Client (10)

    
    
    public static final int JOB_APPROVED = 1;  
    public static final int JOB_DISAPPROVED = -1;

#### Document Type

The document type is used to let observers of the document processing know for
which document table they will need to search for relevant information. This
information is inserted into the database at the Worker level.

The doc_type status' (JobStatus.DocType) values are as follows:

  * statement
  * notice
  * tax

  

javaWorker.javatrue

  

### Document Table (ESTMT_DOC, ENOTICE, ETAX)

#### Status

The document status lets the ui know whether or not the document is to be
displayed. Only values of NULL or APPROVED (9) are visible to the end user.

The Document Status fields are as follows:

  * Pending Approval (0)
  * DP Approved (1)
  * Diverted Document (8)
  * Approved (9)

## Processing Workflow Code

Each of the document ProcessingJob application code has been updated to
include this code. The first code block is a short circuit that will fail the
job if the advanced online proofing flag is turned on but the backend code is
not valid.

  * A missing DT_JOB_ID means that there was an error during Print processing (or no print process)
  * Missing Estmt Job Tracking can happen one of two ways. The most likely is that the Production Control (PC) database does not have the JobTracking flag setup for the application. The second flag is from the IS control file will need to set estmt_trac='y'.

Since we partial commit during large jobs we need to make sure all documents
for the job have the correct pending status and not visible to the end-user
until they are approved.

Finally, we let the next operator in the chain that the job is ready for
review. We can bypass both DP (internal) or the Client (NOT YET IMPLEMENTED,
in case we want to setup internal audits only?)

    
    
      
    

javaProcessingJob.javatrue

  

  

  

  

  

  


