title: afp2pdf
body: # Synopsis

  
The web service based AFP2WEB client keeps non-transformation activities local
to the processing server while isolating the hosting server to perform
transformations. The scripts discussed will support AFP to PDF transformations
for INFOIMAGE's print service team. These scripts also provide basic
operations that will enable team members to setup feature INFOIMAGE offers to
its clients.

This guide provides a basic user's manual to the features we utilize that are
provided by the AFP2WEB client and the scripts developed for print services.
For a more detailed list of AFP2WEB client features and functionalities,
please refer to the AFP2WEB official document. For script maintenance details
and future development plans, please consult the INFOIMAGE Redmine wiki or
your IS manager.

## Design Description

The architectural goal of this project is to provide a comprehensive utility
for all print service features that uses AFP2WEB. The design is centralized on
expanding upon features surrounding AFP2WEB while keeping general utility
features like zipping and file migration out of the core structure.

Functionality is branched based on related components that users may decide to
use separately or together.

Currently, this design composes of four object scripts that extend one
another. These objects are created and called through the main script running
on the processing server. The base object interacts with the AFP2WEB client
through a web service call.

The diagram below details the essential outline of this design.

## Usage

## Examples

## Modes

 **Conversion Type**|  **Description**  
---|---  
 _ **direct**_|

Direct AFP to PDF transformation  
  
 _ **index_parse**_|

Individual PDF transformation  
  
 _ **index_build**_|

Individual PDF transformation + index file  
  
 _ **index_build_multicore**_|

Same as 'index_build' but works with thread to make the conversion faster  
  
 _ **index_dvd**_|

Searchable DVD  
  
## Logging

All logs should be defined by the processing script using a standard error
redirect. The afp2pdf scripts will not keep track of any log files. All error
messages will be written to the system's standard out.

## AFP2WEB Server Documentation:

250250

  

  

  


