title: Agile Planning
body: # The Case Against Fixed-Date Deadlines

A fixed-date deadline does not take into consideration uncertainty. There are
many factors of uncertainty that cannot be accounted for during initial
planning. Development could be blocked due to existing logic that requires
additional assessment to ensure backward compatibility. There could be
unexpected system failure that must be resolved before work can resume.
Internally and as well as externally, necessary deliverables are still
pending. There could be escalations or bugs that require immediate attention,
which mean other projects must be delayed.  And last but not least, emergent
requirements when the client discovered they may want something different than
originally planned. Any of these uncertain event can delay the project. In
fact, more often than not, in InfoIMAGE, projects are delayed, and are not
delivered on the original deadline. Of course, in most of these cases, the
client understands the reason for and agree to the delay. Though this
statement is not backed by data, it is most likely more than 50% of projects
will be delayed.

Fixed-date deadline also force InfoIMAGE to begin projects when the
Development Team is not ready to start new projects. Some delayed projects
still need significant attention from a Developer. However, due to fixed-date
deadline, new projects must be "started" on a certain date. However, the
Developer's attention is still on other unfinished projects, which will cause
the new projects to be delayed. This leads to a cascading effect where delayed
projects will cause new projects to be delayed, and those, in turn, will cause
future projects to be delayed.

Now, it is understood between the client and InfoIMAGE that when unexpected
events happen, there will be delays. This should be built into the contract,
where instead of a specific date, it should be a target week of a month, a
month, or a quarter. This provides flexibility for InfoIMAGE, and allows us to
deliver projects when we are able to. This also means that it is entirely
possible for a project to be started and finished before the targeted time if
the Scrum Team is able to finish projects faster than planned.

# Patterns

There are two ideas that will both benefit the client and InfoIMAGE if we are
willing to abolish fixed-date deadline:

  * "customer collaboration over contract negotiation"
  * "responding to change over following a plan"

There are two patterns InfoIMAGE can adopt. They are outlined in the articles
below:

<https://sites.google.com/a/scrumplop.org/published-patterns/value-
stream/product-backlog/change-for-free>

<https://sites.google.com/a/scrumplop.org/published-patterns/value-
stream/product-backlog/money-for-nothing>

In the current state, neither patterns can be fully adopted. Below are certain
ideas that can be implemented.

# Being Agile

  


