title: Alkami Single Sign-On - SEFC Specific Doc
body: * * *

# SEFC Specifications

## Endpoints

### Pilot

ssoKeyGen: <https://sefcpilot.infoimageinc.com/ssoKeyGen/singleSignOn7>

ssoExchange: <https://sefcpilot.infoimageinc.com/ssoExchange>

### Production

ssoKeyGen: <https://estatement.sefcu.com/ssoKeyGen/singleSignOn7>

ssoExchange: <https://estatement.sefcu.com/ssoExchange>

## Authentication Data

* * *

 **Value**

|

 **Specification**

|

  
  
  
---|---|---  
  
  

|

 **Pilot**

|

 **Production**  
  
Client Code ID

|

21345110

|

11231001  
  
User Identification Number

|

Member Number

|

Member Number  
  
SSO Password

|

Kt%])8f@!w

|

)4xP&M2<22  
  
SSO Request

* * *

For SEFC, selected_acct_type is always NA.

## Unique Business Logic

* * *

 **External ID Mapping**

SEFC has set up with InfoIMAGE a mapping process that maps the Member Number
to accounts that the user who owns the Member Number should have access to.
When the SSO Request is received, InfoIMAGE will filter the account list down
to only the account numbers provided by the mapping file. If the entire
account list is filtered out, the SSO handshake will fail at the ssoExchange
step.

For example, Member Number 23415 could have the below mapping scenario.

 **External Value**

|

 **Internal Value**  
  
---|---  
  
23415

|

23415  
  
23415

|

452233111  
  
23415

|

984433311  
  
If the account list contains 452233111, 343389, and 123333, when the user
signs in, they will only see account number 452233111, because that is the
only account provided by the mapping file.

### ETax

InfoIMAGE posts SEFC ETax to the Member Number. To InfoIMAGE, the Member
Number can be considered to be just another account number in the enumerated
account list. The precedence has been to always pass the Member Number to the
selected_acct0 field along with the corresponding type (always NA) and
description; however, the Member Number being passed at index 0 is not a
requirement. If the Member Number is passed at index 1, 2, 3, etc. the logic
will work all the same.

The description currently being passed is "Tax Documents".

### Small Business Subuser

The subuser field is supported. If and only if it is a subuser logging in, the
vendor must pass over the login_id parameter in the ssoKeyGen step. The
account filtering will occurs using the primary user Member Number.

Aforementioned, the Member Number is considered to be just another account
number. If the subuser should not have access to ETax, do not pass the Member
Number into the account list.

 _Specification_

 **Value**

|

 **Comment**  
  
---|---  
  
User Identification Number

|

The primary user Member Number  
  
Email Address

|

The subuser email address  
  
login_id

|

An ASCII string determined by Alkami. InfoIMAGE will concatenate this string
to create a new CIF: MemberNumber|login_id. Due to this, the Member Number
length + the login_id length + 1 should not be more than 100.  
  
All other values are not different from the standard specification.

### Sample Retail Handshake

Given Member Number 12345 with access to account 1, 2, 3 and email
john.doe@email.com.

The user is signing in on 01/19/2021.

We'll use Pilot values.

#### Step 1

The Input String  
2134511000000000000000012345Kt%])8f@!w01192021

Hashed with SHA-256  
78d855c73e233470b8625dea30555dad0ff0b34764ede9468e4ae37aaef2707b

Append Required Values to Hashed String to form Data String  
78d855c73e233470b8625dea30555dad0ff0b34764ede9468e4ae37aaef2707b0000000000000001234501192021

#### Step 2

    
    
    <form action="https://sefcpilot.infoimageinc.com/ssoKeyGen/singleSignOn7" method="POST">  
    <input type="hidden" name="data" value="78d855c73e233470b8625dea30555dad0ff0b34764ede9468e4ae37aaef2707b000000000000000123" />   
    <input type="hidden" name="email" value="john.doe@email.com"/>  
    <input type="hidden" name="selected_acct0" value="12345" />  
    <input type="hidden" name="selected_acct_type0" value="NA" />  
    <input type="hidden" name="selected_acct_desc0" value="Tax Documents" />  
    <input type="hidden" name="selected_acct1" value="1" />  
    <input type="hidden" name="selected_acct_type1" value="NA" />  
    <input type="hidden" name="selected_acct_desc1" value="Account 1" />  
    <input type="hidden" name="selected_acct2" value="2" />  
    <input type="hidden" name="selected_acct_type2" value="NA" />  
    <input type="hidden" name="selected_acct_desc2" value="Account 2" />  
    <input type="hidden" name="selected_acct3" value="3" />  
    <input type="hidden" name="selected_acct_type3" value="NA" />  
    <input type="hidden" name="selected_acct_desc3" value="Account 3" />  
    <input type="hidden" name="user_type" value="P" />  
    <input type="hidden" name="user_name" value="John Doe" />   
    </form>  
  
---  
  
Return value from request:

key=vHQqt9FN3ovzdv6Kf

#### Step 3

    
    
    <form action="<https://sefcpilot.infoimageinc.com/ssoExchange>" method="POST">   
    <input type="hidden" name="key" value="vHQqt9FN3ovzdv6Kf"/>  
    </form>  
  
---  
  
In the ideal situation, the user will now be logged into InfoIMAGE
eStatements.

###  **Sample Business User Handshake**

#### Primary

The difference from a Retail user would be that the user_type is set to "N".

    
    
    <form action="https://sefcpilot.infoimageinc.com/ssoKeyGen/singleSignOn7" method="POST">   
    <input type="hidden" name="data" value="78d855c73e233470b8625dea30555dad0ff0b34764ede9468e4ae37aaef2707b000000000000000123" />  
    <input type="hidden" name="email" value="john.doe@email.com"/>  
    <input type="hidden" name="selected_acct0" value="12345" />  
    <input type="hidden" name="selected_acct_type0" value="NA" />  
    <input type="hidden" name="selected_acct_desc0" value="Tax Documents" />  
    <input type="hidden" name="selected_acct1" value="1" />   
    <input type="hidden" name="selected_acct_type1" value="NA" />  
    <input type="hidden" name="selected_acct_desc1" value="Account 1" />  
    <input type="hidden" name="selected_acct2" value="2" />  
    <input type="hidden" name="selected_acct_type2" value="NA" />  
    <input type="hidden" name="selected_acct_desc2" value="Account 2" />   
    <input type="hidden" name="selected_acct3" value="3" />  
    <input type="hidden" name="selected_acct_type3" value="NA" />  
    <input type="hidden" name="selected_acct_desc3" value="Account 3" />  
    <input type="hidden" name="user_type" value="N" />  
    <input type="hidden" name="user_name" value="John Doe" />   
    </form>  
  
---  
  
#### Subuser

Subuser would have the same information as the primary, except for the
inclusion of the login_id field. This will trigger the creation of a separate
profile for the subuser with the unique ID of: 12345|janedoe. "janedoe" is
just a placeholder value. What type of value to use for the login ID is still
TBD.

    
    
    <form action="https://sefcpilot.infoimageinc.com/ssoKeyGen/singleSignOn7" method="POST">   
    <input type="hidden" name="data" value="78d855c73e233470b8625dea30555dad0ff0b34764ede9468e4ae37aaef2707b000000000000000123 />  
    <input type="hidden" name="email" value="john.doe@email.com"/>  
    <input type="hidden" name="selected_acct0" value="12345" />   
    <input type="hidden" name="selected_acct_type0" value="NA" />  
    <input type="hidden" name="selected_acct_desc0" value="Tax Documents" />  
    <input type="hidden" name="selected_acct1" value="1" />  
    <input type="hidden" name="selected_acct_type1" value="NA" />  
    <input type="hidden" name="selected_acct_desc1" value="Account 1" />  
    <input type="hidden" name="selected_acct2" value="2" />  
    <input type="hidden" name="selected_acct_type2" value="NA" />  
    <input type="hidden" name="selected_acct_desc2" value="Account 2" />  
    <input type="hidden" name="selected_acct3" value="3" />  
    <input type="hidden" name="selected_acct_type3" value="NA" />  
    <input type="hidden" name="selected_acct_desc3" value="Account 3" />  
    <input type="hidden" name="user_type" value="N" />  
    <input type="hidden" name="login_id" value="janedoe" />  
    <input type="hidden" name="user_name" value="Jane Doe" />  
    </form>  
  
---  
  
  


