title: APCU-Participating Member Statement with DSO Integration
body:   

SL. No| Client| Test Scenario| Test Steps| Expected Output| Test Results|
Additional Comments  
---|---|---|---|---|---|---  
1| APCU| Loan partnership is the default landing page| 1.Complete enrollment
for APCU  
2.After logging in landing page will appear| The default landing page will be
Loan partnership| The default landing page is Loan partnership|  
  
2| APCU| The loan tab title marks in bold and line signify to orange color for
'Loan Partnerships'| 1.Complete enrollment for APCU  
2.Navigate to landing page - loan tab| The loan tab title will mark in bold
and line signify to orange color for 'Loan Partnerships'| The loan tab title
marks in bold and line signify to orange color for 'Loan Partnerships'|  
  
3| APCU| Pop-up disabled for the DSO user| Click on any other tab/application
besides Loan Partnership (and Member Statement because it is the default)|
These member do NOT have an option for paper, so pop up will be removed for 'I
want paper' or 'I want digital' for DSO if the statement is set to paper(B).
Basically for DSO paperless status always will be set to digital(E).| These
member do NOT have an option for paper, so pop up is removed for 'I want
paper' or 'I want digital' for DSO if the statement is set to paper(B).
Basically for DSO paperless status always will be set to digital(E).|  
  
4| APCU| Exit statement message| Navigate to landing page fior APCU>click on
"Exit Statements| Message will show: You're logged out.Want back in? If you
have Affinity Plus online banking: You can return to Statements from there,
after closing this browser tab.If you're a Loan Partnership member: You can
log in to Statements Access again.| Message shows: You're logged out.Want back
in? If you have Affinity Plus online banking: You can return to Statements
from there, after closing this browser tab.If you're a Loan Partnership
member: You can log in to Statements Access again.|  
  
  
  


