title: API - Black Knight - Product Spec Document
body:   

  

Document status|

GreenACTIVE  
  
---|---  
Document owner|

  
  
  
  

  

# **Product Team and Status of Product**

|

#  **Status**  
  
---|---  
  
 **Product Experts:**

Tai Trinh | David Trang

 **Team members:**

  

|

GreenACTIVE

  
  
  
  

# **Client/InfoIMAGE Fit**  
  
---  
  
#### What is Product?

|

#### Product Overview

Black Knight (BKI) is a third-party vendor that is a core for mortgage
statements. BKI provides a service portal to financial institutions that allow
the end-users to access their mortgage data, and pull electronic mortgage
statements. For certain mutual clients that BKI have with InfoIMAGE where
InfoIMAGE is hosting the clients' electronic documents, BKI will call a
specialized InfoIMAGE  **Black Knight API**  to retrieve all the necessary
data.  
  
#### Where does Product fit?

|

#### Client's Fit

This product is for client who utilized Black Knight as their core for the
mortgage documents, and they want the customer to be able to access the
documents via the BKI portal.

Here is the list of applications that Black Knight support on their UI and how
it is mapped to InfoIMAGE's applications.

| Black Knight| InfoIMAGE  
---|---  
Billing| Mortgage  
Escrow| Escrow  
Taxes| eTax  
Other| eNotice  
All other applications that do not fit in the three categories above  
  
  

#### InfoIMAGE's Fit

  
  
  
  

# **Pricing for Product**  
  
---  
One Time Fees|  
|  
  
  
| $3750| One Time  
Base Rates|  
|  
  
  
| $500 per month (up to 20,000 calls per month)| $0.025 per subsequent API
call  
**Professional Service**|  3 (1 hour support session)| Professional Service
($220 per hour)  
  
  

# Development Timeframe  
  
---  
  
#### Hypercube Resource Hours

|

20 hours  
  
#### Prism Resource Hours

| Need review per setup  
  
#### Print Department Resource Hours

|  
  
  
#### Turn Around Time*

  

* **Note** :  BKI has a monthly release on the third weeks of the month for new client that are going live.

|

5 weeks total time

  * 2 week development
  * 2 week pilot
  * 1 week parallel

  
  
#### Product estimated timeline for programming, parallel and go live

|  
  
*from job turnover date  
  
  

# **InfoIMAGE Requirements for a Client to enable Product -**  
  
---  
#| Department Requirement| The requirements for InfoIMAGE to Implement
Product| Importance|  
  
1| ISD - eSide Team| The client should be on the Bank model that can support
at least multiple accounts per user.|

All Black Knight-related documents should be posted to the Loan Number with
account type BK. Therefore, the client must be on a one-to-many or many-to-
many model.

|  
  
2| ISD - eSide Team| All documents must be posted to the Loan Number with
account type BK*.|

For optimization, the API search and deliver all documents posted to accounts
with type BK. Black Knight also perform the API queries using the MSP Loan
Numbers. To avoid mappings that would introduce additional processing and
complex logic, the API will use the same Loan Number and set the type to be
BK.

  

(Enhancement required) The account type BK is not required for a CU client if
the account number can be unique, such that the loan number will never overlap
with a regular member number. The CU client still need to be on a one-to-many
or many-to-many setup.

|  
  
  
  
  
  

# How to initiate Product for your client  
  
---  
  
#### Product Discovery Document - Word Document

|

(information presented in training video)  
  
#### Product Discovery Document - PDF

|

(from Black Knight, received in 2022)  
  
  

# Product Training's Recording  
  
---  
6/15/2022|
<https://us02web.zoom.us/rec/share/lXOdUeBZqbmxrkX0JGAjHFRxqgTt4OgSNSLS5_kz0LfVZmDsrBnRpFHrr3dbEjJi.vVPmOCpzKdqiNC3Z>  
Passcode: [lz2&.@9t](mailto:lz2&.@9t)  
  
  

Black Knight Support Information  
---  
  
904.854.3250 or at
[InterChangeServices.Support@bkfs.com](mailto:InterChangeServices.Support@bkfs.com)

You have to identify us by using our Client # ; which is "S6N"  
  
  

# Common Questions Around Product  
  
---  
Question| Outcome  
How can the user view documents older than the composition live date with
InfoIMAGE?| Pre-ingestion. At a cost, the client can send past documents that
InfoIMAGE to process and load.  
  
What if InfoIMAGE has been posting Black Knight statements already?

|

Black Knight API integration will only work with newly posted statements going
forward. However, if the data allows, we may be able to perform a data
migration.  
  
For a client who is not on a one-to-many or many-to-many, what can we do?

|

We must have a dedicated BK account no matter what. Due to the time
requirement for the Black Knight API, we cannot afford to filter through
hundreds of documents to find the right ones.  
  
For a client who does not have account types, what can we do?

|

If the MSP Loan Numbers can be guaranteed to be unique from the other
accounts, then we can potentially assess not introducing Account Types.
However, the best route is to introduce account types.  
  
Will this affect existing eStatement setup?

|

Yes, it may affect Auth File processing, and how OLB vendors interact with
InfoIMAGE; especially if we have to update a client towards a one-to-many and
to use account types. This has to be assessed by a developer. It will add
development time.  
  
  
|  
  
  
|  
  
  
|  
  
  
|  
  
  
|  
  
  
|  
  
  
|  
  
  
|  
  
  
  


