title: ASFC Migration Analysis
body: # **ROOT:**

 **Login Method**

|

FISERVSSO (com.infoimage.security.SingleSignOn7Servlet)  
  
---|---  
  
 **Enrollment Step**

|

2 Steps:

i. Disclosure

ii. verify pdf  
  
 **Welcome Email**

|

Yes (Only for sso users)  
  
 **Menu**

|

  *  **e-Statements**
  *  **e-Notice**
  *  **e-Tax**
  *  **e-Escrow Analysis  **(if has escrow data in DB)
  *  **e-IRA  **(if has ira data in DB)
  *  **Disclosure**
  *  **Privacy Policy**
  *  **Profile**
  *  **Exit  **(for DSO users only)
  *  **No account dropdown button**

  
  
 **Account Types**

|

NA  
  
 **Statement Types**

|

  1. default : e-Statements
  2. escrow: e-Escrow Analysis  
  3. mortgage: Mortgage Loan 
  4. billing: Home Equity Loan
  5. enotice: e-Notice
  6. ira: e-IRA
  7. etax: e-Tax 

in production db there is only escrow, default and ira stmt type.  
  
 **Archival Period**

|

  1. default, escrow, mortgage, billing, enotice, ira:  **18 months**
  2. etax:  **13 months**

  
  
 **Paperless Configuration**

|

NonSelective  
  
 **Unenrollment on DP change**

|

True  
  
 **Delivery Preference**

|

Paper=B, Paperless=E  
  
 **Notification Preference**

|

Email (a lot of users have SMS number in np table with sms_status="Y")  
  
 **NP Link Type**

|

byUfa  
  
 **Batch Download**

|

N/A  
  
  

###  **User-account Relation:**

  * One user linked to one Account

###  **Login methods:**

###        FISERVSSO:

    * create user & account
    * updates email

###  **Enrollment:**

Goes through enrollment if paperless status is "B" or "U"

#  **Menu:**

###  **e-Statements:  **

shows default type statements with statement date, status and monthly inserts.

###  **e-Escrow Analysis:  **

shows escrow type statements with statement date, status and monthly inserts.

### e-IRA: ** **

shows ira type statements with statement date, status and monthly inserts.

###  **e-Notice:**  

shows enotice with notice date, status and description.

###  **e-Tax:**

shows eTax tax date and description.

###  **Checks:**

Shows checks. **OsiIsNetAccessCheckImageServlet** (/getimg)

###  **Disclosure:  **

shows disclosure jsp page in new tab.

###  **Privacy Policy:**

Shows privacy policy pdf.

###  **Profile:  **

  1. Has option to change the delivery preference (paperless and paper)
  2. Shows notification option with the email address but not editable
  3. If delivery preference is selected to paper and submit then confimation page appears. If continue button is pressed then delivery preference is changed to paper and user is unenrolled.

  

 **Exit:  ** log out of eStatement for DSO user.

  

### Special Business:

  1.  **Pop reminder for enotice (orcc_hblogin.jsp) :**

If there is unviewed notice 9 hours before the last login then the user will
be redirected to enotice pop reminder page.

  2.  **Undelivered email reminder:**

If the email address in the contact info table is empty and invalid then the
user is redirected to invalidEmail.jsp. But ASFC doesn't use contact info
tables anymore.

  3.  **Bankruptcy:  **When account number is starting with 99 followed by the 10 digits account, it's a bankrupted account. Should not be accessed to the site.

### DSO:

  1. Has MFA
  2. MFA is not generated next time if **"** **I'm on a private device. Remember this device. "** is selected.
  3.   4. Users can't login if their sess_active_status is "blacklisted". (in production db there is no such data)
  5. DSO users cannot do SSO and vice versa

##  **MSM:**

  *  **Account Management:  **
    1. Can search by Member Number (account number) and Email Address
    2. Can update the Email address.
    3. Can update Delivery Preference
    4. Can view DP change history
    5. Can view statements
  *  **Email proofing:**

1.  e-Statements

2\. e-Escrow Analysis

3\. e-Notices

4\. e-Tax

5\. Welcome

6\. Reminder

7\. Password Update

8\. AI User Removal

9\. e-IRA

10\. MFA

11\. Forget Username

  *  **Email Reminder:**

All e-Statement users will receive one email reminder if they have any
unviewed e-Statement and haven't logged into e-Statements for a certain period
of time (by default is 21 days). This page will allow you to set the time
period of the email reminder.

  *  **Reports:  **
  *   *  **Administration:  **AI user creation and update
  * ### Exit

## Backend process analysis:

Has 6 backend process:

  1. afp
  2. check_index
  3. etax
  4. enotice4
  5. ecl
  6. auth

## Afp:

  * Flags:
    * global.autoregister= true
    * afp.isZipped=true
    * afp.default.estmtselinsert=true
  * Handler:AfpStatementData9
  * Registrar: HypercubeEStmtRegistrar
  * Index file format: afp_file|acct_num|begin_date|closing_date|page_count|acct_owner_name|SSN|Application Type|Message IDs for Market Link|Has_check|Insert ID|Region Code|Cripple Flag

  * Mandatory field: afp_file, acct_num, acct_name, start_date, closing_date, page_count
  * Acct_owner_name can not be empty and more than 50 characters. If so trims to 50.
  * Searches account by account number. If not found then it creates account, usr, usr session, user fin account, user mapping, paperless.
  * Account owner name is updated for existing account.

 **Database changes:**

  1. Fin_Account
  2. Usr
  3. Usr_Fin_Account
  4. Usr_Session
  5. Usr_Mapping
  6. Paperless
  7. Estmt_Doc
  8. Arch_File

## Check_index:

  * Flags:
    * check_index.registeredUserOnly=false
  * Handler: DefaultCheckImageHandler2
  * Registrar:CheckImageRegistrar
  * Index file format: acctNum|checkAcctNum|number|checkDate|amount|check_type
  * Inserts data into account_check_image table for existing account

 **Database changes:**

  1. Account_check_image

## Etax:

  * Flags:
    * etax.automatedEmailNotification=true
    * etax.isZipped=true
    * etax.createAccount=false
  * Handler: ETaxData3
  * Registrar: ETaxRegistrar3
  * Index file format: acctNum|type|afpFileName|date|suffix|appType|SSN/TAX_ID|INPUT_ZIP_FILENAME

  * acctNum, type, afpFileName, date, input_zip_filename
  * Searches account by account number. If not found then it returns null. 
  * Inserts data into paperless table

 **Database changes:**

  1. Arch_File
  2. ETax
  3. Paperless

## Enotice4:

###  **Enotice4:**

  * Flags:
    * enotice4.isZipped=true
    * enotice4.automatedEmailNotification=true
    * entoice4.createAccount=false
  * Handler: ENoticeData7
  * Registrar: HypercubeENoticeRegistrar
  * Index file format: L|acctNum|acctType|AcctName|afpName|letterCode|closingDate|imageCount|postCardFlag|zipFileName|L
  * Post code should be  0|""|1 else error, if ="" then sets to '0'
  * Searches account by account number. If not found then it returns null. Otherwise updates account owner name and user name.

 **Database changes:**

  1. Arch_File
  2. Enotice

## Ecl:

  * Flags:
    * global.email.storage = notifyPref
    * ecl.clientType=cu
    * ecl.delimiter=|  

    * ecl.combination=AcctNum,Email,SMS  

    * ecl.totalColumns=3
  * Handler: DefaultEclHandler4
  * Get ufa by account number, if ufa is null throws error
  * Get notifyprefList  by usrId,acctId, stmt=default
  * If notifyprefList is empty inserts into np with usrId,AcctId,Email, stmt type=default
  * Else get notifyprefList[0] , updates np

 **Database changes:**

  1. Notification_Preference

## Auth:

  * Flags:
    * auth.thresholdvalue=50
    * auth.checksum.bypass=true
  * Handler:AsfcAuthHandler
  * Registrar: AsfcAuthRegistrar
  * Index file format: Member Number|User Type|First Name|Last Name|Account Owner Name|TIN|DOB

 **Database changes:**

  1. usr
  2. usr_session
  3. usr_mapping
  4. fin_account
  5. paperless
  6. usr_fin_account

### Reports:

  1. undeliverableReport
  2. paperlessReport
  3. bouncebackReportApi
  4. accumulativeOptOutReport

  

# Analysis Summary (ROOT)

 **Scope**

|

 **Feature**

|

 **Description**

|

 **Hypercube**

|

 **Note**  
  
---|---|---|---|---  
  
 **Enrollment (SSO)**

  

  

  

|  User enrollment logic| Goes through enrollment if the paperless status is
"B" or "U"|  81 incomplete Supported  82 complete Not Supported | The client
will use default (sso date based) enrollment logic.  
  
Enrollment Steps

|

2 Steps:

i. Disclosure

ii. verify pdf

|  111 incomplete Supported  112 complete Not Supported |

In hypercube, the enrollPreferences step is needed.  
  
Welcome Email

| Yes (Only for SSO users)|  37 incomplete Supported  38 complete Not
Supported |

Welcome email is supported for both sso and dso users  
  
 **Enrollment (DSO)**|  Has MFA|

Sends security code to phone or email while login.

MFA is not generated next time if **"** **I'm on a private device. Remember
this device. "** is selected.

|  12 complete Supported  13 incomplete Not Supported |  
  
  
**Home Page**

|

Exit Menu

| for DSO users only|  43 incomplete Supported  44 complete Not Supported |  
  
Account selector| There is no account selector dropdown|  25 complete
Supported  26 incomplete Not Supported |  
  
View Status| Viewed/Not-viewed status is shown beside each statement.|  83
incomplete Supported  84 complete Not Supported | **Note** \- Minor(leaving it
for now)  
Bankruptcy account|

When the account number is starting with 99 followed by the 10 digits account,
it's a bankrupted account. Should not be accessed to the site.

|  14 incomplete Supported  15 complete Not Supported |  
  
Blacklisted user (DSO)|

Users can't log in if their sess_active_status is "blacklisted". (in
production DB there is no such data)

|  16 incomplete Supported  17 complete Not Supported |  
  
  
**Profile**

|

Account opt-out

|

Unenrolled on delivery preference changed to paper.

|  47 complete Supported  48 incomplete Not Supported |

  
  
  
Delivery pref change confirmation| When delivery pref is changed to paper and
submit then a confirmation page appears.|  18 incomplete Supported  19
incomplete Not Supported 20 complete Partially Supported | In hypercube
confirmation pop up appears  
  
 **  
  
**

# Analysis Summary (MSM)

 **Scope**

|

 **Feature**

|

 **Description**

|

 **Infotrac**

|

 **Note**  
  
---|---|---|---|---  
  
 **Account management**

|  
|  
|  21 complete Supported  22 incomplete Not Supported |  
  
**Email Proofing**|  
|  
|  61 complete Supported  62 incomplete Not Supported |  
  
**Email Reminder**|  
|  
|  65 incomplete Supported  66 complete Not Supported |  
  
**Reports**|  
|  
|  67 complete Supported  68 incomplete Not Supported |  
  
**Admin**|  
|  
|  71 complete Supported  72 incomplete Not Supported |  
  
  
# Analysis Summary (PUI):

 **Scope**

|

 **Feature**

|

 **Description**

|

 **Note**  
  
---|---|---|---  
  
 **Afp**

|  Truncating acct owner name|

Acct_owner_name can not be empty and has more than 50 characters. If so trims
to 50.

| In doc process acct_owner_name will be truncate if the number of character
is more than 100  
 **Etax**|  Registrar| EtaxRgistrar3 can be updated to HypercubeEtaxRegistrar|  
  
 **Enotice4**|  Migrating to doc| Enotice4 can be processed by doc process|  
  
 **Ecl**|  
|  Inserts data into notification table as byUfa|  
  
 **Auth**|  
|  Inserts data in standard format needed by Hypercube|  
  
 **Reports**|  
|  No reports will be affected if migrated to Hypercube and infotrac|  
  
  
  


