title: Banner management  dependency docs
body: **Introduction:**

The purpose of this document is to present dependencies and components
involved in the __**_Banner Management_** application to troubleshoot.

 **Banner Management Application in a nutshell:**

This feature enables users to create advertisement banners on the
**_InfoTrac_** side which will be viewable on the **_Hypercube_** side. Banner
areas/multimedia contents are all customizable.

 **Dependencies:**

This application consists of two features-

  * Adspace
  * Banner

  
 **Adspace:** Adspace is an area where a client defines the dimension which
allocates the banner itself on the Hypercube side. Height and Width is
specified in pixel(px). The **position** of the adspace where the banner (a
multimedia content) will be shown comes from **_Hypercube_** side.

**API endpoint to get adspace list:**

[ http://posterservice-common-
dev.infoimageinc.com/api/v1/bannermgnt/demo/adspaces](http://posterservice-
common-dev.infoimageinc.com/api/v1/bannermgnt/demo/adspaces)

  

  

 **Everything on this form is posted through the following endpoint:** **  
**[http://posterservice-common-
dev.infoimageinc.com/api/v1/adspaces](http://posterservice-common-
dev.infoimageinc.com/api/v1/bannermgnt/demo/banners)

 **Database (DEV):**

[ca-mongoreg-dv-01.infoimageinc.com](http://ca-mongoreg-
dv-01.infoimageinc.com):27017

[ca-mongoreg-dv-02.infoimageinc.com](http://ca-mongoreg-
dv-02.infoimageinc.com):27017

  

 **Banner:** A Banner of Advertisement can be fitted in an **adspace** or be
allocated partially into it, depending on how the user intends to utilize it.

 **API endpoint to get banner list:**[ **** http://posterservice-common-
dev.infoimageinc.com/api/v1/bannermgnt](http://posterservice-common-
dev.infoimageinc.com/api/v1/bannermgnt/demo/banners)

 **Upload Content** :- clicking on **" Choose File"** directs the user to the
local directory from which a **media content (banner photo)** must be
selected.

 **URL:** User must provide a valid URL in this field. After clicking on the
URL, the user will be redirected to the url provided in this field.

 **Everything on this form is posted through the following endpoint:**
**(except multimedia contents)** **:**

[ http://posterservice-common-
dev.infoimageinc.com/api/v1/bannermgnt](http://posterservice-common-
dev.infoimageinc.com/api/v1/bannermgnt/demo/banners)

  

 **Database:**

[ca-mongoreg-dv-01.infoimageinc.com](http://ca-mongoreg-
dv-01.infoimageinc.com):27017

[ca-mongoreg-dv-02.infoimageinc.com](http://ca-mongoreg-
dv-02.infoimageinc.com):27017

  
  

 ** _Since multimedia contents are public, that 's why those contents are
saved on S3 object storage._**

On **mogoreg** database **s3** related credentials must be configured.Let's
suppose, **" Demo"** client uses Banner Management application.

Then, on **mongoreg-dv-01** and **mongoreg-dv-02** :

 **" DV_Postersevice -> Collections -> cidProperties->s3Settings" needs to be
configured.**

  

js

Moreover, **posterservice** calls the **clicktrack** API with the banner URL
and the URL specified in the input field from the **" Banner Definition"
**popup. Clicktrack service tracks whether a banner is shown and whether the
banner is clicked.

 **Clicktrack API URL:**

[ http://clicktrack-common-dev.infoimageinc.com/](http://clicktrack-common-
dev.infoimageinc.com/)



 **Summary:**

To summarize the above discussion, the following services must be up and
running or configured beforehand so that this application can function
properly.

    * [http://posterservice-common-dev.infoimageinc.com/api/v1/](http://posterservice-common-dev.infoimageinc.com/api/v1/bannermgnt/demo/adspaces)

  * [ca-mongoreg-dv-01.infoimageinc.com](http://ca-mongoreg-dv-01.infoimageinc.com):27017

  * [ca-mongoreg-dv-02.infoimageinc.com](http://ca-mongoreg-dv-02.infoimageinc.com):27017 

  * [http://clicktrack-common-dev.infoimageinc.com/](http://clicktrack-common-dev.infoimageinc.com/)
  * On **s3Settings** s3 related credentials must be configured beforehand.


