title: BlackKnight Mortgage
body: **Overview:**

BlackKnight is a mortgage system platform that Credit Unions and Banks may use
outside of their core.  InfoIMAGE does pay annual support fees to BlackKnight
for any support pertaining to the BlackKnight system.  Their support email
address is
[interchangeservices.support@bkfs.com](mailto:interchangeservices.support@bkfs.com).
BlackKnight system core system generates flat file.  They refer to it as
"Batch File".  This file is a structured ASCII & EPCIDIC file format.  In
addition, BlackKnight has a production called "Letter Writer" that give the
Financial Institution the ability to create their own notices and decide which
particular notice is generated to InfoIMAGE.  They call this file "One-Off"
letter.  This file format is strictly ASCII with a key / value pair data
structure or Print Image file format.

  

 **BlackKnight Documentation System "Navigator":**

BlackKnight has a web application call "Navigator" that has documentation on
all their file formats.  You will need to use "Microsoft Internet Explorer"
browser (not Microsoft Edge browser or Chrome or Firefox).  The "Navigator"
system is compatible with only the old "Microsoft Internet Explorer".  Also,
InfoIMAGE Network Department has this application IP filtered to only allow
our corporate office network subnet to access this site.  (i.e. You cannot
access this via VPN, production server network, etc..).  If we need to open
this up to VPN access, then InfoIMAGE Network department needs to contact
BlackKnight support team and have them add another InfoIMAGE external IP
address.

  
Here is the URL:

<https://iportal.fnfismd.com/>

  

Username:

  

Password Challenge Question Answers:

  

  

 **BlackKnight - "Batch File" Record Layout:**

As mentioned in the Overview.  File format is ASCII & EPCIDIC.  You will need
to us Papyrus 'COBOL' function to unpack the data.  The following attachments
are the common record layouts.  If there are _more_ new "Batch File" record
types, you can go to the BlackKnight "Navigator" web portal to download the
additional files:

  

  

Batch File Type Name| Application| Documentation| Coding Reference Notes Link  
---|---|---|---  
EXT0571| Mortgage|



|  
  
EXT0774| ARM Notices|

|  
  
EXT1387| Escrow Analysis|

|  
  
EXT2796| HELOC|

|  
  
  
|  
|  
|  
  
  
  

 **General Coding Notes:**

If any of the data type is a COMP-3, check if the beginning and ending
position is contain all blanks.  If so, do  _not_ COBOL unpack the data via
Papyrus.  Otherwise, the unpacked data results will be 40404040404040 or FF or
something else.  So if you see blank, just by default in your coding, do not
display anything unless the client ask for special business rules in the
mapping to handle blanks

  

 **BlackKnight -   "One-Off" Record Layout:**

As mentioned in the Overview section above, if  the Financial Institution
acquired BlackKnight's "Letter Writer" software sweet, the Financial
Institution has the ability to create their own custom letter templates to
print in-house and/or send them to InfoIMAGE to compose.  They have the
ability to either generate Print Image format or Flat file which is a key-
value pair.   Since the Financial Institution manages the template, there is
no standard letters.  So as we on-board any new clients, the letter content
(Print Image) may be different or in the case if they provide flat file, the
variables (i.e. key/value pair) will be difference from client to client.

  

  

  

 **BlackKnight eStatement API Requirements:**

Please advise IS and ISD that they will need to assign resources to satisfy
the following requirements as they need to retrofit existing non BlackKnight
eStatement applications.

  * When providing ISD Index File, always use app code 'BK' regardless if FI uses appcode or not.
  * For clients that don't use APPCODE, all the Non-BlackKnight eStatement application index files needs to be updated to hardcode "NA" 
  * All Paperless File needs to be updated to use AppCode:  'NA' for non BlackKnight application and 'BK' for BlackKnight applications.

  

  

  


