title: Black Knight API - Product Spec Document
body:   

  

Document status|

YellowDraft  
  
---|---  
Document owner|

  
  
  
  

  

# **Product Team and Status of Product**

|

#  **Status**  
  
---|---  
  
 **Product Experts:**

Tai Trinh | David Trang

 **Team members:**

  

|

GreenACTIVE

  
  
  
  

# **Client/InfoIMAGE Fit**  
  
---  
  
#### What is Product?

|

#### Product Overview

Black Knight (BKI) is a third-party vendor that is a core for mortgage
statements. BKI provides a service portal to financial institutions that allow
the end-users to access their mortgage data, and pull electronic mortgage
statements. For certain mutual clients that BKI have with InfoIMAGE where
InfoIMAGE is hosting the clients' electronic documents, BKI will call a
specialized InfoIMAGE  **Black Knight API**  to retrieve all the necessary
data.  
  
#### Where does Product fit?

|

#### Client's Fit

This product is for client who utilized Black Knight as their core for the
mortgage documents, and they want the customer to be able to access the
documents via the BKI portal.

Here is the list of applications that Black Knight support on their UI and how
it is mapped to InfoIMAGE's applications.

| Black Knight| InfoIMAGE  
---|---  
Billing| Mortgage  
Escrow| Escrow  
Taxes| eTax  
Other| eNotice  
  
  

#### InfoIMAGE's Fit

  
  
  
  

# **Pricing for Product**  
  
---  
One Time Fees|  
|  
  
  
| $3500| One Time  
Base Rates|  
|  
  
  
| $500 per month (up to 20,000 calls per month)| $0.025 per subsequent API
call  
**Support Hours Allotted  **| 3 (1 hour support session)|  
  
  
  

# Development Timeframe  
  
---  
  
#### Hypercube Resource Hours

|

20 hours  
  
#### Prism Resource Hours

| Need review per setup  
  
#### Print Department Resource Hours

|  
  
  
#### Turn Around Time*

  

* **Note** :  BKI has a monthly release on the third weeks of the month for new client that are going live.

|

5 weeks total time

  * 2 week development
  * 2 week pilot
  * 1 week parallel

  
  
#### Product estimated timeline for programming, parallel and go live

|  
  
*from job turnover date  
  
  

# **InfoIMAGE Requirements for a Client to enable Product**  
  
---  
#| Department Requirement| The requirements for InfoIMAGE to Implement
Product| Importance|  
  
1| ISD - eSide Team| The client should be on the Bank model that can support
at least multiple accounts per user.|

All Black Knight-related documents should be posted to the Loan Number with
account type BK. Therefore, the client must be on a one-to-many or many-to-
many model.

|  
  
2| ISD - eSide Team| All documents must be posted to the Loan Number with
account type BK*.|

For optimization, the API search and deliver all documents posted to accounts
with type BK. Black Knight also perform the API queries using the MSP Loan
Numbers. To avoid mappings that would introduce additional processing and
complex logic, the API will use the same Loan Number and set the type to be
BK.

  

(Enhancement required) The account type BK is not required for a CU client if
the account number can be unique, such that the loan number will never overlap
with a regular member number. The CU client still need to be on a one-to-many
or many-to-many setup.

|  
  
  
  
  
  

# How to initiate Product for your client  
  
---  
  
#### Product Discovery Document - Confluence Page

| Click Here  
  
#### Product Discovery Document - Word Document

|

Click Here  
  
#### Product Discovery Document - PDF

| Click Here  
  
  

# Common Questions Around Product  
  
---  
Question| Outcome  
How can the user view documents older than the composition live date with
InfoIMAGE?| Pre-ingestion. At a cost, the client can send past documents that
InfoIMAGE to process and load.  
  
|  
  
  
|  
  
  
|  
  
  
|  
  
  
|  
  
  
|  
  
  
|  
  
  
|  
  
  
|  
  
  
|  
  
  
|  
  
  
|  
  
  
  


