title: Configuring Relying Party Trust in AD FS
body: Clients need to configure Infoimage's ADFS as a Relying Party Trust in their
ADFS service for SSO-based authentication. This is the list of claims
Infoimage's ADFS service requires:

  * User Principal Name (UPN) (Mandatory)
  * Given Name (User's first name will be set to 'Unknown' if not provided)
  * Surname (User's last name will be set to 'Unknown' if not provided)
  * E-mail Address (Mandatory if UPN is not preferred as the primary email address for users)

To set up and configure a "Relying Party Trust" in an AD FS server this
procedure has to be followed:

 **Step 1:  **From the Server Manager, Click on the  **'** **Tools'** and then
click click on the  **" AD FS Management" **to open the Management window of
the AD FS.

 **Step 2:  **From that window select  **" Relying Party Trusts" **in the left
sidebar and to add a relying party trust click on the  **" Add Relying
Party..." **in the right sidebar. After this,  **" Add Relying Party Trust
Wizard"** will appear. Click on the  **" Start" **button.

 **Step 3:** Now import the  **" Federation Metadata" **XML file of the server
that needs to be added as **" Relying Party Trust".** Then click on the "Next"
button.  Usually, the file can be accessed using such URL: **https:// <Base
URL>/FederationMetadata/2007-06/FederationMetadata.xml**

 **Example:  **For Infoimage's ADFS, the URL is:
<https://accounts.i3adfs.com/FederationMetadata/2007-06/FederationMetadata.xml>

Note: To ensure automatic synchronization between the Service Provider and
Identity provider, it is highly recommended to import the federation file into
the Identity Provider service through the URL as shown below. For Microsoft
ADFS, choose the first option and provide the URL.

 **Step 4:** Now choose access control policy and click on  **" Next"
**button.

 **Step 5:  **After reviewing the configuration click on the  **" Next"
**button to complete it.

 **Step 6:  **After completing the configuration right click on the added
relying party and click on the  **" Edit Claim Issuance Policy..."**.

 **Step 7:  **To add claim rules click on the  **" Add Rule..." **button the
newly popped up window.

 ** **

 **Step 8:  **Now in the new window select the template type to add claim
rules. Then click on  **" Next"** button.

 **Step 9:  **Now give a name for the rule that will be added and select types
of the claims those will be sent to Infoimage's ADFS for SSO authentication
(Example: UPN, Given Name, Surname, E-mail Address etc). After this click on
the **" OK" **button and the relying party configuration should be done.


