title: Converting Large AFPs
body: # Converting Large AFPs

Info  
P-UI will automatically convert AFPs larger than (afp.convert.cutoff) pages to
PDFs when posting cycles to help speed up statement load time on the site.
However, there is a known limitations where Afp2web has issues when converting
these large AFPs.  
Here is an walkthrough of how to deal with manual conversion requests and how
to post to PUI. I will be using the example below to illustrate the steps. If
you only need to know how to manually convert, please skip to  **Step 5**

Sample support email request:  
  
  

  

## 1\. Pull up the PUI logs for Ref#1489711. Note the  **index file**  name
and  **log file**  location (see
highlighted)[](https://i3dev.easyredmine.com/projects/estmt20/wiki/ConvertLargeAfp#1-Pull-
up-the-PUI-logs-for-Ref1489711-Note-the-index-file-name-and-log-file-location-
see-highlighted)

  

## 2\. Search the log for "Failed to convert PDF" to find the records.
Sometimes the logs pulled directly from PUI will be slow, so it's recommended
to pull up the  **log file**  directly and search through a text
editor.[](https://i3dev.easyredmine.com/projects/estmt20/wiki/ConvertLargeAfp#2-Search-
the-log-for-Failed-to-convert-PDF-to-find-the-records-Sometimes-the-logs-
pulled-directly-from-PUI-will-be-slow-so-its-recommended-to-pull-up-the-log-
file-directly-and-search-through-a-text-editor)

  
3\. Find the corresponding AFP in the  **index file**. Repeat Step 3 as
necessary[](https://i3dev.easyredmine.com/projects/estmt20/wiki/ConvertLargeAfp#3-Find-
the-corresponding-AFP-in-the-index-file-Repeat-Step-3-as-necessary)

  
  

  

## 4 Copy paste the line into a new .txt file. Use the same name as the
**index file**  you're pulling the record from, but rename the last 4 digits
to 9999. Save the .txt file in the client's Production Input folder
(\\\10.8.9.23\input\I3\process-
files\\[CID]\\)[](https://i3dev.easyredmine.com/projects/estmt20/wiki/ConvertLargeAfp#4-Copy-
paste-the-line-into-a-new-txt-file-Use-the-same-name-as-the-index-file-youre-
pulling-the-record-from-but-rename-the-last-4-digits-to-9999-Save-the-txt-
file-in-the-clients-Production-Input-folder-108923inputI3process-filesCID)

  
  
  

  

## 5\. Change the file extension from* .AFP* to  **.PDF**. This will let the
PUI know which file to pull.

## 6\. Now it's time to actually convert the AFP. SSH into preprocessing03
(10.8.9.63). Username: isd Password: m... Run the following command. AFP
FOLDER is [CID][PREFIX]-[MMDDYYYY]. The MMDDYYY digit in the beginning of the
index file. In my example it is ewbbms1-04042017

    
    
    python /home/master/afp2pdf.py direct InputFilename=/d/isd_input/indiv_afp/[CID]/afp-archive/[AFP FOLDER]/[AFP FILE] OutputFilePath=/d/isd_input/indiv_afp/[CID]/afp-archive/[AFP FOLDER]/
    
    Ex.
    python /home/master/afp2pdf.py direct InputFilename=/d/isd_input/indiv_afp/ewbb/afp-archive/ewbbms1-04042017/ewbbms1_03312017_5400004824_1005.afp OutputFilePath=/d/isd_input/indiv_afp/ewbb/afp-archive/ewbbms1-04042017/
    python /home/master/afp2pdf.py direct InputFilename=/d/isd_input/indiv_afp/ewbb/afp-archive/ewbbms1-04042017/ewbbms1_03312017_5400004824_1033.afp OutputFilePath=/d/isd_input/indiv_afp/ewbb/afp-archive/ewbbms1-04042017/
    

  
  

## 7\. When the files are completed, you will see a 200 message. Go ahead and
manually post the index file you created to PUI after all the AFPs are
converted  

  

###  Attachments

  


