title: Customer/Member Personalization
body:   

  

Enrollment Step 1 -3 order is customization and can be changed as desired by
the Financial institution as shown in Screenshot 1 below:

  

 **Screenshot 1: Enrollment   Step 1 page**

  

A Sample statement can be provided by the financial institution to confirm
user's PDF viewing capabilities.

If the user cannot view the sample PDF statement, the user will be instructed
to download Adobe Reader from Adobe's website. Verbiage for these instructions
and/or additional instructions can be provided by the financial institution
and displayed on this page as shown below in Screenshot 2.

  

 **Screenshot 2: Disclosure**

  

If the user cannot view the sample PDF statement, the user will be instructed
to download Adobe Reader from Adobe's website. Verbiage for these instructions
and/or additional instructions can be provided by the financial institution
and displayed in Screenshot 3

  

 **Screenshot 3: **Enrollment   Step 3 ****

  

  

 **Screenshot 4:   **Enrollment   Step 4 ****

 **1.Delivery Type (Statement):**  As a user logs in the hypercube website,
he/she will be able to choose a **  Deliverance Preference** type by  which
he/she will be delivered the Statement type. The Delivery type for
"Statements" is specified to be in Paper. It must be noted that a user
**cannot** have both paper and electronic delivery type.

 ** **2\. Delivery Type (Notices):**** the specified delivery type for Notices
is specified as Paper. User can roll back to electronic delivery type if
he/she wishes to.

 ** **3. ** **Delivery Type (Mortgage):******** the specified delivery type
for Notices is specified as Paper. User can roll back to electronic delivery
type if he/she wishes to.

 ** **4.   ** **Delivery Type (Tax):******** the specified delivery type for
Notices is specified as Paper. User can roll back to electronic delivery type
if he/she wishes to.

 ** ** ** **5\. Email Address:******** the email address(es) of user(s) depend
on the Notification Type chosen by him/her (Account-wise/ User-wise).

 **12, 13. Account Number(s):  **user(s) can have multiple accounts.
Screenshot 4 above depicts one such case; Users may have multiple accounts and
be notified by one primary email or multiple/separate email addresses in which
notifications will be sent. As depicted in Screenshot 4 users can select
separate delivery types for separate accounts

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  


