title: Customer Personalization
body:   

  

Enrollment Step 1 -3 order is customization and can be changed as desired by
the Financial institution as shown in Screenshot 1 below:

  

 **Screenshot 1: Enrollment   Step 1 page**

  

A Sample statement can be provided by the financial institution to confirm
user's PDF viewing capabilities.

If the user cannot view the sample PDF statement, the user will be instructed
to download Adobe Reader from Adobe's website. Verbiage for these instructions
and/or additional instructions can be provided by the financial institution
and displayed on this page as shown below in Screenshot 2.

  

 **Screenshot 2: Disclosure**

  

If the user cannot view the sample PDF statement, the user will be instructed
to download Adobe Reader from Adobe's website. Verbiage for these instructions
and/or additional instructions can be provided by the financial institution
and displayed in Screenshot 3

  

 **Screenshot 3: **Enrollment   Step 3 ****

  

  

 **Screenshot 4:   **Enrollment   Step 4 ****

 **1.Delivery Type (Statement):**  As a user logs in the hypercube website,
he/she will be able to choose a **  Deliverance Preference** type by  which
he/she will be delivered the Statement type. The Delivery type for
"Statements" is specified to be in Paper. It must be noted that a user
**cannot** have both paper and electronic delivery type.

 ** **2\. Delivery Type (Notices):**** the specified delivery type for Notices
is specified as Paper. User can roll back to electronic delivery type if
he/she wishes to.

 ** **3. ** **Delivery Type (Mortgage):******** the specified delivery type
for Notices is specified as Paper. User can roll back to electronic delivery
type if he/she wishes to.

 ** **4.   ** **Delivery Type (Tax):******** the specified delivery type for
Notices is specified as Paper. User can roll back to electronic delivery type
if he/she wishes to.

 ** ** ** **5\. Email Address:******** the email address(es) of user(s) depend
on the Notification Type chosen by him/her (Account-wise/ User-wise).

 **12, 13. Account Number(s):  **user(s) can have multiple accounts.
Screenshot 4 above depicts one such case; Users may have multiple accounts and
be notified by one primary email or multiple/separate email addresses in which
notifications will be sent. As depicted in Screenshot 4 users can select
separate delivery types for separate accounts

 **Submit All:** clicking on this button will save all the progress/changes in
the Delivery Preference segment.

  

Login in, the new user will be directed to the eStatement page. In the page
displayed below, the tabs (i.e.: eStatement, eSafetyBox, ePayment, eSignature)
are features the client/CID will be permitted to.

  

 **1.   Configurable Logo and Banner Spacing: **the spacing and Logo shown
above is configurable and will be set according to business requirement

 **2\. Configurable Content:  **the content is put in a space which is
configurable and will be set according to business requirement

 **3.   eStatement Disclosure Configurable Content: **button name & color and
the page which it leads to is configurable and will be set according to
business requirement

 **4\. Configurable Content:  **the content is put in a space which is
configurable and will be set according to business requirement

The Demo Institution Agreement to Receive Disclosures Electronically content
at the right of the page is customizable as well. Clicking on the
**eStatement** **Disclosure** button will direct the user to the page
displayed below.

 **5\. Contextual Search:  **a billable feature, this allows user to search
for a word in a statement. the search result will be show one/multiple
statements in which the input (word) has appeared

 **6\. Archival Period (Date Range):  **a billable feature, this allows user
to search input date ranges for statements. the search result will be show
one/multiple statements which was created in the date range provided as input

 **7\. Modules (tabs)**

 **8\. Account Number (Drop-down)**

  

Clicking on the Profile tab will direct the user to the page displayed below.

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  

  


