title: Daily Standup
body: For textbook explanation: <https://www.atlassian.com/agile/scrum/standups>.

The information below will be less detailed and more specific in examples.

# Purpose

In each standup, everyone answers three questions:

  * What did I work on yesterday?

  * What am I working on today?

  * What issues are blocking me?

What we should achieve each day is:

  1. Understand how we have progressed as a team.
  2. Understand what each person set out to do each day.
  3. Understand the blockers that are preventing the team from making progress.
  4. Resolve or set up plans to resolve any blockers.

When we are answering the three primary questions, information should be
presented such that the entire team, with exception in regard to expertise,
understand one or more of the items listed above.

## Goal 1: Proper Implementation of Standup

When talking about what we are going to do, there need to be a level of
specificity such that the team will be able to understand exactly what will be
accomplished. Additionally, the tasks we set out to do each day should be
accomplishable within a day of work, and ergo, at the next standup, we should
be able to report that we have completed the tasks. If tasks clearly cannot be
finished in one day, then they need to be broken down into sub-tasks.

#### Example

Unclear Statements

"Yesterday, I worked on BKPL Setup."

"Today, I am going to work on BKPL Setup."

There are a plethora of tasks related to a client setup. Not everything can be
done in a single day.

The team gains no insight on the progress of the overall project. Did we make
any progress at all? What were the progress?

Clear Statements

"Yesterday, I set up the Hypercube Site for BKPL."

"Today, I will set up the Auth File for BKPL, and perform SSO testing."

Here, the team has insight into the progress of the BKPL project and how close
we are to completion.

  

Day-to-day tasks, or tasks that have been established as re-occurring do not
need to be restated unless they lead to additional work.

Unnecessary Statements

"Yesterday, I joined the AC SCRUM meeting."

We know Shun has this responsibility. He does not need to report this every
day.

Other types of task that fall into this category:

  1. Logging hours (Should really be done every day).
  2. Reorganizing/checking tickets (Should really be done every day).

  

Since daily tasks should be accomplishable within the same day, there need to
be a reason why tasks. Maybe there's a blocker than need to be made known
immediately so that it can be unblocked.

Example

"Yesterday, in a meeting with BKPL, I discovered a Level 3 issue. I spent most
of my day working to resolve this instead of what I planned to do."

The above is clear enough on what happened. As to what the Level 3 is, a
separate meeting can be set up to present the information to the team, or it
can be discussed during Friday's meeting.

  

If there are blockers, developers should use their decision-making/project-
prioritization skills to determine other tasks to work on. Again, the goal is
to make progress as a team.

Example

"Yesterday, for BKPL, I was unable to test emails, because of issues with
notifyservice on Pilot. I have asked Naim to assist. Instead, I worked on
InfoTRAC configurations."

Furthermore resolutions for blockers should be sought after even before
standup if possible. This is why providing full attention during standup and
other Sprint events are important. Maybe some other developers have ran into
the issue before, and it is good to remember this, so that you know how to
resolve blockers that had happened before, or at least, know who to ask for
assistance.

  

  

* * *

Things to implement:

  1. Moving standup back to 10 a.m.
  2. Enforcing 15 minutes limit.
    * Everyone must prepare what they plan to say before coming to the standup.
    * If answers to blockers are not one to two sentences long, it need to be taken offline.
    * Everyone is allowed to interrupt if they think someone is going off-topic, or if certain discussions need to be done offline.
    * Everyone should stand during the standup (hence the name). It is suggested that it will keep everyone energetic to speed up the process.
    * Announcements will be done at the end of standup.
  3. Clear, concise, informative answers to the three questions.
  4. The Scrum Master will be more active during standup to ensure proper implementation by everyone.
    1. The Scrum Master will keep track of planned tasks, and if the tasks are not completed or there are no updates about them, they will bring the outstanding tasks into question.
  5. Standup will be a part of retrospective (consistently for now to address our implementation).


