title: Design Doc of supporting both SMS and Email as notification preference with attachment feature
body: ## **Introduction**

Supporting user to set notification preference as both SMS and Email on the
hypercube site. So that they will be allowed to opt for both email and SMS
notifications.

And user can also select attachment statements with or without a password
requirement for email based on the client-specific flag on the hypercube.

This doc will represent the changes in hypercube to support this.

##  **Purpose/Objective Summary**

Currently, members can only set notification preferences as SMS or Email. And
If the user selects an attachment statement option then they must have put a
password for the attachment option.

The main objective of this update is to support both SMS and Email
notification preferences on the hypercube and make attachment password
optional based on the client-specific flag on the hypercube.

##  **Scope**

### In-Scope

  1. Identify user notification preference related API.
  2. Show both SMS and Email option as " **Email and SMS** " for notification preference.
  3. Show attachment password field based on client hypercube flag.
  4. Update user notification preference JSON data for both options.
  5. Store both SMS and email in the database for both options.

##  **Notification Preference Related API Details  **

ID

|

Title

|

URL

|

Method

|

Affected Parameter

|

Description  
  
---|---|---|---|---|---  
API_01|

    
    
    updateUserAccountsApi

| /infoservice/api/v1/user/{cid}| PUT| data| Update user information  
API_02| userAccountsApi,  
userAccountsApiServer| /infoservice/api/v1/user/{cid}| GET|

    
    
    notifyType

| Get a User data  
  
# Requirements

### Business Requirements & Use Cases

ID

|

Title

|

Details  
  
---|---|---  
BR_01|

Allow user opt for both SMS and EMAIL notification preferences

|

If the " **emailAndSmsNotification** " boolean flag is true then hypercube
will show both SMS and Email option as " **Email and SMS** " for notification
preference so that users can set notification preferences as both SMS and
email.  
  
BR_02| Show attachment password field as required or not required based on the
hypercube flag| If only the " **attachedStatement** " boolean flag is true
then hypercube will show a select attachment checkbox with no password field.
But if the " **attachedStatement** " flag is true and "
**ignoreAttachmentPassword** " flag is false then a password field will be
populated and it will be must require for all the users.  
  
### Functional Requirements & Use Case

ID

|

Title

|

Details  
  
---|---|---  
FR_01|

Show radio button as " **Email and SMS** " for notification preference on the
profile and enrollment page based on the " **emailAndSmsNotification** " flag.

|

By clicking the **" **Email and SMS** "** radio button user will be allowed to
set both SMS and Email for notification preference.  
  
FR_02|

Store both **SMS** and **Email** value in the notification_preference table.

|

For the " **Email and SMS** " ** ** radio button feature, SMS and Email will
be stored in the notification_preference table with both SMS and Email status
'Y'.  
  
FR_03| Show attachment statement option with or without password field based
on " **ignoreAttachmentPassword** " flag| If the " **attachedStatement** "
flag is true and the " **ignoreAttachmentPassword** " flag is false then a
password field will be populated and it will be must require for all the
users.  
FR_04| Store  **email_attachment_status  **and  **email_attachment_password
v** alue in the notification_preference table.| If "
**ignoreAttachmentPassword** " is false and the attachment statement checkbox
is checked then it will store " **email_attachment_status** " as **" Y" **and
" **email_attachment_password** "  
  
## QA/Test Requirements

ID

|

Title

|

Details  
  
---|---|---  
TR_01| Test notification preference  **Email and SMS** ** ** radio button
feature on enrollment and profile page for byUsr and byUFA clients. | Check if
the feature is working perfectly.  
TR_03| Test attachement statement feature with and without
**ignoreAttachmentPassword  **flag|  
  
TR_03| Test cross-browser and device testing.|

To ensure that everything is working as previously after the update on
Windows, Android, and IOS

(i.e. InternetExproler, Firefox, Chrome)  
  
## Code changes

  1. Code update

Project file path

|

Method Scope

|

Changes  
  
---|---|---  
client/views/enrollment/eStatement/enrollPreferences.html|

    
        Notification Preference 

| Show  **Both  **radio button for notification preference during enrollment.  
client/views/enrollment/eStatement/enrollPreferences.js|

New method:

 **isNotifyTypeBoth()** ,

Modified method:

 **submitPreferences()**

|

 **isNotifyTypeBoth  **\- This method is for checking if **Both** option is
selected.

 **submitPreferences -  **Store both SMS and Email with status 'Y' for
**Both** feature.  
  
client/views/profile/profile.html|

    
        Notification Preference

| Show  **Both  **radio button for notification preference on profile page.  
client/views/profile/profile.js|

    
         **New method:    
    isNotifyTypeBoth()**,  
    Modified method:   
     **submitAll()**

|

 **isNotifyTypeBoth  **\- This method is for checking if **Both** option is
selected.

 **submitAll -  **Store both SMS and Email with status 'Y' for **Both**
feature.  
  
# Summarized Change Log

Date

|

Who

|

Changes  
  
---|---|---  
  


| Sadman Anik| Creation  
  
  

# Feedback / Question / Answers

Question

|

Answer  
  
---|---  
  
|  
  
  
  


