title: ELK Project (In Progress)
body: # Overview of the Elastic Stack

"Elastic Stack" is a fast and highly scalable set of components i.e.
Elasticsearch, Kibana, Logstash, Beats, and others, that together enable
securely taking data from any source, in any format, and then searching,
analyzing, and visualizing it. Though We can deploy the Elastic Stack as a
Cloud service supported on AWS, Google Cloud, and Azure, we'll set up this on-
prem installation on our own hardware.

# Components of Elastic Stack

# Ingest

Elastic provides a number of components that ingest data. Collect and ship
logs, metrics, and other types of data with Elastic Agent or Beats. We will
use Logstash to transform or enrich data before it's stored in Elasticsearch.

## Beats

Beats are data shippers we install as agents on our servers to send
operational data to Logstash or Elasticsearch. Beats are available for many
standard observability data scenarios, including audit data, log files and
journals, cloud data, availability, metrics, network traffic, and Windows
event logs. We will use Filebeat to store and analyze proxy server logs and
Metricbeat to store the metric beats of our servers.

## Logstash

Logstash is a data collection engine with real-time pipelining capabilities.
It can dynamically unify data from disparate sources and normalize the data
into destinations of your choice. Logstash supports a broad array of input,
filter, and output plugins, with many native codecs further simplifying the
ingestion process. We'll collect proxy server logs and transform those logs
with a specific format via Logstash.

  

# Store

## Elasticsearch

Elasticsearch is the distributed search and analytics engine at the heart of
the Elastic Stack. It provides near real-time search and analytics for all
types of data. Whether we have structured or unstructured text, numerical
data, or geospatial data, Elasticsearch can efficiently store and index it in
a way that supports fast searches. Elasticsearch provides a REST API that
enables you to store data in Elasticsearch and retrieve it. The REST API also
provides access to Elasticsearch's search and analytics capabilities.

# Consume

## Kibana

Kibana is the tool to harness our Elasticsearch data and manage the Elastic
Stack. We use it to analyze and visualize the data that's stored in
Elasticsearch. Kibana is also the home for Elastic Enterprise Search, Elastic
Observability, and Elastic Security solutions.

  

# Our Elastic Stack Setup

We will set up the Elastic Stack in 3 phases.

## Phase I - Consolidate Proxy Server Logs and Visualize in Kibana

  * Our goal is to collect the logs of several proxy servers, parse and transform the log files into our customized pattern and ingest them into Elasticsearch. 
  * After ingesting, we'll generate some dashboards based on some fields which are extracted from the logs and visualize them in Kibana.
  * We have 3 types of proxies namely Nginx, HAProxy, and Apache. As we will move to Nginx, we'll consider the Nginx log format as standard and unify the other two proxy log formats (Apache and HAProxy) as Nginx log format.
  * After the unification of 3 proxy log formats, we'll set up Filebeat in each of the proxy servers and send the logs to Logstash.
  * We'll parse the logs and ingest them to Elasticsearch.
  * After ingestion, we will generate some graphs and visualize them in Kibana dashboard.

# Output of Phase I

After phase I, we will be able to  


