title: Email Validation-valid and invalid email address support - invalid symbol
body:   

SL. No| Client| Test Scenario| Test Steps| Expected Output| Test Results|
Additional Comments  
---|---|---|---|---|---|---  
1| BANB| SSO/DSO login/profile :invalid email id| Navigate to
enrollment/profile For email address input| Email will not be accepted and
login/profile will not be successful| Email was not accepted and login/profile
was not successful| test@info( . , - , _)[imageinc.com](http://imageinc.com)  
2| BANB| SSO/DSO login/profile :invalid email id| Navigate to
enrollment/profile For email address input| Email will not be accepted and
login/profile will not be successful| Email was not accepted and login/profile
was not successful| test@infoimageinc( - , _ ).com - underscore in domain  
3| BANB| SSO/DSO login/profile :invalid email id| Navigate to
enrollment/profile For email address input| Email will not be accepted and
login/profile will not be successful| Email was not accepted and login/profile
was not successful| [te..st@infoimageinc.com](mailto:te..st@infoimageinc.com)
\- concurrent period  
4| BANB| SSO/DSO login/profile :invalid email id| Navigate to
enrollment/profile For email address input| Email will not be accepted and
login/profile will not be successful| Email was not accepted and login/profile
was not successful| [test.@infoimageinc.com](mailto:test.@infoimageinc.com) \-
period before @  
5| BANB| SSO/DSO login/profile :invalid email id| Navigate to
enrollment/profile For email address input| Email will not be accepted and
login/profile will not be successful| Email was not accepted and login/profile
was not successful| test()  
6| BANB| SSO/DSO login/profile :invalid email id| Navigate to
enrollment/profile For email address input| Email will not be accepted and
login/profile will not be successful| Email was not accepted and login/profile
was not successful| [te( . , - , _
)](mailto:st@infoimageinc.com)[st@infoimageinc.com](mailto:st@infoimageinc.com)  
7| BANB| SSO/DSO login/profile :invalid email id| Navigate to
enrollment/profile For email address input| Email will not be accepted and
login/profile will not be successful| Email was not accepted and login/profile
was not successful| te . , - , _
[st@infoimageinc.com](mailto:st@infoimageinc.com)  
8| BANB| SSO/DSO login/profile :invalid email id| Navigate to
enrollment/profile For email address input| Email will not be accepted and
login/profile will not be successful| Email was not accepted and login/profile
was not successful| test@info( . , - , _)[imageinc.com](http://imageinc.com)  
9| BANB| SSO/DSO login/profile :invalid email id| Navigate to
enrollment/profile For email address input| Email will not be accepted and
login/profile will not be successful| Email was not accepted and login/profile
was not successful| [test@info_imageinc.com](mailto:test@info_imageinc.com)  
10| BANB| SSO/DSO login/profile :invalid email id| Navigate to
enrollment/profile For email address input| Email will not be accepted and
login/profile will not be successful| Email was not accepted and login/profile
was not successful|
[test@infosa__mimageinc.com](mailto:test@infosa__mimageinc.com)  
  
  


