title: Email Throttling
body: _" Email throttling is controlling the amount of email messages sent to one
ISP or remote server at one time."_

 _" Some ISPs limit the amount of email they accept from a particular sender
during a specified period of time. If you try to send email above their
acceptable threshold, they will reject your email resulting in a high number
of bounce backs. This is email throttling and is also referred to as a
"deferral.""_  
  

  

## 5 Key Practices to Avoid the Spam Folder

 **1\. Focus on your sending reputation.**

ISPs look at your sending behavior to make filtering decisions. If you have a
good sending reputation, your emails will get delivered, but if not, your
emails may end up being blocked at the gateway or labeled as spam.

 **2\. Regularly monitor your email deliverability.**

Rectify delivery failures right away, otherwise you risk harming your sending
reputation. Access tools that that not only tells you who responded to your
messages, but who actually received them. This data can also help you better
understand your overall analytics and identify gaps in your email program.

 **3\. Strengthen your permission practices.**

Make sure subscribers know they are on your list and what types of emails they
will receive. Be especially careful of using third-parties to acquire names.
Make sure you use a partner who has strong permissioning practices as well. By
doing so, subscribers will be more likely to welcome your messages instead of
flagging them as spam.

 **4\. Make it easy to unsubscribe.**

Oftentimes subscribers hit the "This is Spam" button because you've made it
too hard to unsubscribe from your list. Remember, spam complaints hurt your
reputation. Therefore, making it easy to get off your list is more beneficial
in the long run, and it's the law.

 **5\. Maintain a sound infrastructure.**

If you are using your own server to send email, make sure you are in
compliance with the ISPs. While these errors are usually pretty
straightforward to fix, it will take some time to do so. If you use a
reputable third party like SendGrid, you don't have to worry about it.

  

  

## Email Throttling Prevention Strategies

If you don't have the benefit of a customer service team like ours, here are a
few things you can do to get around the throttling issue:

1\. Schedule your emails to deploy over an extended period of time.

2\. Segment your emails by domain or split your lists into multiple parts--if
you want to start off on the right foot, consider separating your marketing
and transactional email traffic to keep their reputations independent.

3\. Send your emails at earlier times so that all emails can be sent by your
"completion" date.

  

##  Attachments

  

250


