title: Email Validation-valid and invalid email address support-valid symbol
body:   

SL. No| Client| Test Scenario| Test Steps| Expected Output| Test Results|
Additional Comments  
---|---|---|---|---|---|---  
1| BANB| SSO/DSO login/profile :valid email id| Navigate to enrollment/profile
For email address input| Email will be accepted and login/profile will be
successful| Email was accepted and login/profile was successful|
[test.+@infoimageinc.com](mailto:test.+@infoimageinc.com)  
2| BANB| SSO/DSO login/profile :valid email id| Navigate to enrollment/profile
For email address input| Email will be accepted and login/profile will be
successful| Email was accepted and login/profile was successful|
[test+@infoimagei](mailto:test.+@infoimageinc.com)[nc.com](http://nc.com)  
3| BANB| SSO/DSO login/profile :valid email id| Navigate to enrollment/profile
For email address input| Email will be accepted and login/profile will be
successful| Email was accepted and login/profile was successful| #ERROR!  
4| BANB| SSO/DSO login/profile :valid email id| Navigate to enrollment/profile
For email address input| Email will be accepted and login/profile will be
successful| Email was accepted and login/profile was successful|  
  
5| BANB| SSO/DSO login/profile :valid email id| Navigate to enrollment/profile
For email address input| Email will be accepted and login/profile will be
successful| Email was accepted and login/profile was successful|
[te+st@infoimageinc.com](mailto:test.+@infoimageinc.com)  
6| BANB| SSO/DSO login/profile :valid email id| Navigate to enrollment/profile
For email address input| Email will be accepted and login/profile will be
successful| Email was accepted and login/profile was successful|
[te+-st@infoimageinc.com](mailto:test.+@infoimageinc.com)  
7| BANB| SSO/DSO login/profile :valid email id| Navigate to enrollment/profile
For email address input| Email will be accepted and login/profile will be
successful| Email was accepted and login/profile was successful|
[tes+-@infoimageinc.com](mailto:test.+@infoimageinc.com)  
8| BANB| SSO/DSO login/profile :valid email id| Navigate to enrollment/profile
For email address input| Email will be accepted and login/profile will be
successful| Email was accepted and login/profile was successful|
[te.-st-@infoimageinc.co](mailto:test.+@infoimageinc.com)m  
9| BANB| SSO/DSO login/profile :valid email id| Navigate to enrollment/profile
For email address input| Email will be accepted and login/profile will be
successful| Email was accepted and login/profile was successful|
[test_sam@](mailto:test@infoimageinc.com)[infoimageinc.com](mailto:test@infoimageinc.com)  
10| BANB| SSO/DSO login/profile :valid email id| Navigate to
enrollment/profile For email address input| Email will be accepted and
login/profile will be successful| Email was accepted and login/profile was
successful| [tes@info-imageinc.com](mailto:tes@info-imageinc.com)  
11| BANB| SSO/DSO login/profile :valid email id| Navigate to
enrollment/profile For email address input| Email will be accepted and
login/profile will be successful| Email was accepted and login/profile was
successful| [tes@info.imageinc.com](mailto:tes@info.imageinc.com)  
  
  


