title: Estatement Specification API Template(Do not use Meen)
body: 

##  **Primary Information**

Client Information  
---  
Client Full Name|  
  
Client Display Name|  
  
CID|  
  
Client Email|  
  
Client Phone No.|  
  
Client Address|  
  
Client URL|  
  
  
  

##  **Application Information**

Application Name| Tab/Display Name| App Prefix| Archival Period  
---|---|---|---  
  
|  
|  
|  
  
  
|  
|  
|  
  
  
|  
|  
|  
  
  
|  
|  
|  
  
  
  

##  **API vendor, please select from the following** \- [API Specification
Documentiation
](https://confluence.infoimageinc.com/display/IKB/Infoservice+JAAS?preview=/86934270/86934273/InfoService%20API%202.0%20-Selective%20v3.pdf)

12817 incomplete Agile Fusion 12818 incomplete Alkami 12819 incomplete Banno
12820 incomplete Kony 12821 incomplete Lumin Digital 12823 incomplete
BankingOn 12824 incomplete Terafina  12825 incomplete Tyfone 20600 incomplete
Black Knight 20601 incomplete OnBase

**Others? Please specify  **

Vendor Name| Vendor Details| Vendor's Requirements| Encryption Method  
---|---|---|---  
  
|  
|  
|

  

  
  
  
  

Got additional info? Please fill out below

  
  
---  
  
  

  

  

##  **Notification Preference**

 How you want your users be notified?

12924 incomplete Via Email 12925 incomplete Via SMS 12926 incomplete Via both
Email and SMS 20607 incomplete Pdf attachment (Encrypted, not encrypted)

## **Delivery Preference**  

  1.  ** _Which type of delivery method user can switch?_** 109 incomplete If selective paperless - then below options, radio buttons 2199 incomplete Can switch between Paper and Electronic 110 incomplete Can select only Electronic 111 incomplete Paper or Electronic or Both

  

2\. Do you want to restrict unenrolled users to change their delivery
preference to Electronic?(Admin)

13340 incomplete Yes 13341 incomplete No

3\. Do you want to allow unenrolled users to change their delivery preference
to both Paper and Electronic?(Admin)

13342 incomplete Yes 13343 incomplete No

4\. Do you want to restrict SSO users to change their delivery preference from
Paper to Electronic?(Admin)

13344 incomplete Yes 13345 incomplete No

5\. Do you want to restrict DSO users to change their delivery preference from
Paper to Electronic?(Admin)

13346 incomplete Yes 13347 incomplete No

6\. Do you want to restrict users to change their delivery preference who are
unenrolled in both SSO and DSO?(Admin)

13348 incomplete Yes 13349 incomplete No

7\. Do you want to restrict users to change their delivery preference from
Paper to Electronic?(Admin)

13350 incomplete Yes 13351 incomplete No

  

## **ount Preference**

1.If you want to support account type, please fill up the below table. i.e -
LN|Loan

Account type| Description  
---|---  
  
|  
  
  
|  
  
  
|  
  
  
|  
  
  
  

##  **Document/Statement Preference**

  

1\. Do you want to include inserts with statements?

13254 complete Yes (Default) 13255 incomplete

No

3\. Do you want to show users if a tax is a replacement/correction?

13316 incomplete Yes 13317 incomplete

No

  

## **Infotrac**

1. Will admin users be able to update delivery preferences of the users?

13042 incomplete Yes 13043 incomplete No

2\. Will admin users be able to update notification preferences of the users?

13044 incomplete Yes 13045 incomplete No

3\. Admin account search criteria(You can select multiple)

13046 complete By Account Number (Default) 13047 complete By User Email
(Default) 13048 incomplete By SSN ( Not available )

5\. Will admin users be able to delete users?

13053 incomplete Yes 13054 incomplete No

6\. Here's a list of reports that we support. Please select the ones that you
want for the admin users -

13055 complete Statements Posted (Default) 13056 complete Paperless Enrollment
(Default) 13057 complete Email Collection (Default) 13058 incomplete Login
Summary 13059 complete Notification Sent (Default) 13060 complete Insert
Clicks (Default) 13061 incomplete Click Tracking 13062 incomplete Admin Login
Activity 13063 incomplete Audit Log 13064 incomplete Custom Report 13065
incomplete Account Creation Report 13066 complete User Enrollment Report
(Default)

7\. Here's a list of **Account Management** features that we support on the
admin site. Please select the ones that you want on the admin site -

13068 incomplete

Transfer Statement

Transfer Statement

A sub-feature of Account Management, this module enables users to transfer
documents from one account to another associated one. All document types are
transferable.

  

20608 incomplete

_If the admin site has the statement transfer feature, do you want to auto-
fill the destination account number(which will be the account number you've
logged in) whenever you transfer a statement from any account? (question for
infotrac team)_

13352 incomplete _Yes_ 13353 incomplete

_No_

20609 incomplete

If Admin site has the Statement transfer feature, then please input the Email
template name that will be used to send out email notifications when a
statement is transferred

  
  
---  
  
  

13069 incomplete

User Link Up

20610 incomplete

  

User Link Up

A new/different user can be linked to another user by selecting the Add User
option

  

13070 incomplete

On Demand Push PDF (Add-on May be)?

On Demand Push PDF

This option enables the admin users to send a pdf document to a specific email
address which will be password protected. Email account holder will need to
know the password in order to view the attached pdf document in the email

  

8\. Here's a list of other features that we support on the admin site. Please
select the ones that you want on the admin site -

13075 complete

E-insert Management (Default)

E-insert Management

Inserts are pdf documents sent with statements via emails for customers to
view for marketing or other purposes.

  

13076 complete

E-Notification (Default)

E-Notification

This feature deals with all notifications related with the eStatement &
Infotrac applications to notify users.

  

System Variables

System Variables such as Account Names, User Names, etc are variables that are
already stored in the system. When a system variable is selected in a
template, before it is sent to a recipients, the variable is replaced by
actual data (such as account number, user name, etc) from the csv file. System
variables need be selected for the E-Notification templates.

Please select system variables from below that you want to support -

13118 incomplete Account Name 13119 complete Account Number (Default) 13120
complete User Name (Default) 13121 incomplete Notice List 13122 incomplete Tax
List 13123 incomplete Email Address 13124 incomplete Statement Date 13125
incomplete Account Pseudo Name  
---  
  


13077 incomplete

Job Status

Job Status

This feature enables users to Release/Reject or Approve/Disapprove Electronic
and Paper jobs. Permission for the roles for have this feature will be
configurable by Admin/Infoimage.

  

13079 incomplete

Message Manager

Message Manager

This feature enables user to set graphics or text messages in a customizable
area of a pdf document for marketing or other purposes.

  

13080 incomplete

Online Proofing

Online Proofing

When an application has been set up for online proofing, you can review and
approve ongoing production jobs.

  

13082 incomplete

Return Mail

Return Mail

The return mail processing product that InfoIMAGE offers allows our clients to
maintain a high quality mailing list by updating address changes and providing
a report to the client. InfoIMAGE provides the client with a report that will
prevent the client from mailing to bad addresses or provide address updates as
provided by the USPS via a Nixie label.

  

## **Processing-UI**

 _ **Auth process: ( Optional )**_

1. How will the auth index file will be? 

13083 incomplete

Full Auth file

Full Auth

Full Auth will contains all the latest user-account relation in a single file,
any CIF or account number not present in the process index file but present in
the infoImage data base will be deleted

  

13084 incomplete

Partial Auth file

Partial Auth

Partial Auth will contain only the CIF, Accounts that will be  updated,added
or deleted.

  

Standard Auth File Specs

  

2.What fields will be passed in the index file?

13085 incomplete

Maintcode

MAINT CODE

The action to be taken. Currently support two actions:

A: Add - add/update the user-account relationship

D: Delete - delete the user-account relationship, e.g. unlink the user from
the specified account. If the user is unlinked from its last account, the user
will be deactivated.

  

13086 incomplete Tax ID as CIF Number 13087 incomplete SSN ID as CIF Number
13088 incomplete SSN  13089 incomplete First Name 13090 incomplete Last Name
13091 incomplete DOB 13092 incomplete Account Number 13093 incomplete Account
Type

  

**User Creation ?  **

If you want some processing jobs(i.e - Statement process) to create users,
then please specify below -

Jobs that will create users  
---  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 **Account Creation  **

If you want some processing jobs(i.e - Enotice/Etax) to create accounts, then
please specify below -

Jobs that will create accounts  
---  
13154 incomplete Enotice 13155 incomplete Etax  
  
  

3\. Do you want Pre-enrollment process?([Enrollment File
Specifications](https://confluence.infoimageinc.com/display/IN/Enrollment+File+Specifications))

13148 incomplete Yes 13149 incomplete No

4\. Do you want Pre-ingestion?

13150 incomplete Yes 13151 incomplete No Pre-Ingestion

Pre-ingestion is the process of posting documents for a certain period of
time. Usually we run this while setting up new clients.
[Here](https://confluence.infoimageinc.com/display/IN/Document+File+Specifications)
is the Pre-ingestion file specifications.

  

##  **Shared Add-on Features**

  *   

Batch Download

This feature allows either the financial institution(Admins) or its customers
to search eStatement archives and download them in a batch in a zip or
combined pdf file. eStatement archives can be filtered across multiple
accounts, document types, and given date ranges.

  

If you prefer to have batch download, please check out this section

    1. After creating a batch job when should the batch job table refresh initially to see whether the batch job status is in process or not?

  
  
---  
  
  

    2. When the batch job is in process, in which interval you want to check for current status of the batch job whether it is ready or failed to process?

  
  
---  
  
  

    3. How many pages of documents would you allow to select for batch download at a time?

  
  
---  
  
  

    4. How many documents would you allow to select for batch download at a time?

  
  
---  
  
  

    5. A passphrase is required to encrypt/decrypt 

  
  
---  
  
  

  

  

  * Undeliverable Email Report ([See Specs](https://confluence.infoimageinc.com/display/IN/Bounceback+Report+Specifications)) 

4\. Will admin users be able to create new users and accounts?

13049 incomplete Yes 13050 incomplete No

  

20611 incomplete

Advanced Online Proofing

Advanced Online Proofing

This feature allows you to create roles(i.e - R1, R2, R3) and assign
priorities to them. If R1 has the highest Level (L1) and R2 has a lower
Level(L2) and R3 has the least Level(L3), R2 can not view/approve the job
until R1 approves it and R3 can not view/approve the job until R2 approves it.
Roles having lesser Levels won't be able view/approve a job before Roles with
higher Levels approves it.

  


