title: Goals of Agile Implementation
body: # Quality and Speed

By moving towards a system where the Development team decide what and how they
will deliver value, we will allow the Developers to use their domain knowledge
and skills to focus on delivering quality work. Multi-tasking is
scientifically proven to be inefficient. In the same vein, a team that work on
multiple concurrent projects at the same time will also be inefficient. Given
a team of three developers, let's assume that each developer can take on one
project, and each developer will need three months to finish their work. This
means that over the course of three months, the team will finish three
projects. In the ideal scenario, when Agile is implemented, all three
developers should work on one project at a time. Potentially, all three
developers will finish each project within one month. We would still meet the
three projects every three months, but now, each month, a project is finished
instead of waiting until the end of three months for all to be finished.
Furthermore, a combination of skills among developers may allow each project
to finish even sooner. One developer may be particularly good at front-end,
and would be able to help the team tackle and resolve all front-end related
tasks faster than if another developer were to tackle the challenges alone. On
the other hand, if that developer who's good at front-end, were given his own
project where he has to develop the back-end on his own, then we would again
have some inefficiency in the utilization of individual skillset.

# Shorter Development Cycle

When the appropriate automations are in place, it should be possible to have
shorter development cycle, and have value be delivered to Production faster.
We should be able to achieve weekly releases, or even daily releases.


