title: How-to: Prepare API Auth Info Document
body: To prepare the Auth Info Document for an API setup:

## Step-by-step guide

 **For creating a new document**

  1. Download the following document to edit: . 
  2. Edit all areas highlighted in yellow.
  3. Upload edited document onto Confluence.

 **Editing an existing document**

  1. Download the [Atlassian Companion](https://confluence.atlassian.com/doc/install-atlassian-companion-992678880.html).
  2. Open the Atlassian Companion app.
  3. View the document on Confluence.
  4. Click Edit.  

  5. Atlassian Companion should open the document in Microsoft Word.
  6. Edit the document using Microsoft Word, and save.
  7. Click Upload to upload the edited document.  

## Edit guide

### Client and Vendor Name  

Client Name: The official name for the client instituation, e.g. DEMO
Financial.

Vendor Name: The official name for the API Vendor, e.g. Alkami. The Vendor
Name can be the same as the Client Name if the client is developing the API
inhouse.

### Authentication Info

Client ID: The 4-letter CID assigned to the client by InfoIMAGE, e.g. demo.

Encryption Secret Key: 15-length alphanumeric password. If the client has set
up API before, use the same key that is defined with just "cid".

Encryption Initialization Vector: 16-length alphanumeric password. If the
client has set up API before, use the same value that is defined with just
"cid".

BASIC Secret Key: 15-length alphanumeric password. Need to be DIFFERENT from
the Encryption Secret Key.

BASIC Initialization Vector: 16-length alphanumeric password. Need to be
DIFFERENT from the Encryption Secret Key.

Encryption Values will be consistent across all different vendors for a
client. Cipher Constant can be shared across all different sets of values

demo.1.salt=xxxxxyyyyyzzzzz  
demo.1.iv=xxxxxyyyyyzzzzz1  
demo.1.cipherConst=1500

BASIC Values will be different between vendors.

demo912.1.salt=xxxzzxxxyyxxxxx  
demo912.1.iv=xxxzzxxxyyxxxxx1  
demo912.1.cipherConst=1500

demo913.1.salt=zzzxxyyyxxyyyyy  
demo913.1.iv=zzxxyyyxxyyyyy1  
demo913.1.cipherConst=1500

Cipher Constant: 4-digit number. This value affects the speed of the API, and
as such it should be kept as low as possible. Newer setup should follow the
convention of using 1500-2000 for Pilot and 1000-1499 for Production,
incrementing from the previous value used, except for values that are already
used by older setup.

Check the API JAAS configurations to make sure the same passwords or cipher
constants are not being used.

VendorID: The usr_id for the vendor in the usr table. The ID should be between
900 and 1000. For clients who are developing their own API solution, use 920
(API). If this is for a new API vendor, insert a new record into the usr table
for all schemas on all environments. If a new vendor needs to be added, update
accordingly.

### Username

As defined in the document, the username should be the Client ID + Vendor ID,
so change the highlighted value accordingly to fit the client and vendor.

### Approved IP

If the client/vendor has provided this information beforehand, fill out the
section. Otherwise, it is okay to leave blank.

### Application Type Mapping

This information comes from the doc_desc table. If the entries for Documents
are not there, insert into the database accordingly. There's no need to
provide all values for enotices/etaxes.

### Account Type Mapping

This information can be found in the Hypercube configuration, if available, or
determined at setup by the client.

## Related articles

false5INfalsemodifiedtruepagelabel in ("infoservice","api","jaas") and type =
"page" and space = "IN"api jaas infoservice

  

true

  

Related issues|  
  
---|---  
  
  

  


