title: How to Install Java(JDK/JRE) In Ubuntu 1204
body:   

## A. Sun JDK vs OpenJDK

In the past, Sun JDK was the default java package in Ubuntu. After Sun
Microsystem was acquired by Oracle in 2010, Ubuntu (and various distros)
switched the java package to the fully open-source OpenJDK as the SUN JDK no
longer contain codes that are fully open-sourced.

OpenJDK is community-built and is (almost) 100% similar to the SUN JDK. You
can easily install OpenJDK in Ubuntu via the Ubuntu Software Center, by
running the command:

    
    
    $ sudo apt-get install openjdk-7-jre
    

If you have a specific java-based app that don't run well in  **OpenJDK** ,
you can switch to the  **SUN JDK**  instead. Here is how you do it:  
  

  

## B. The hard way

This method requires you to install SUN JDK 7 manually. It is a good way for
you to learn the trick.

1\. Download the SUN JDK 7 here to your home folder.

2\. Extract the tar file.

3\. Move the extracted file to the "/usr/lib/jvm/" folder:

`$ sudo mv jdk1.7.0_04 /usr/lib/jvm/`

4\. Install SUN JDK 7 in your system:

    
    
    $ sudo update-alternatives --install /usr/bin/javac javac /usr/lib/jvm/jdk1.7.0_04/bin/javac 1
    $ sudo update-alternatives --install /usr/bin/java java /usr/lib/jvm/jdk1.7.0_04/bin/java 1
    

5\. Set the environment variables:

    
    
    $ sudo update-alternatives --config javac
    $ sudo update-alternatives --config java
    

You will see an option like the screenshot below:

Enter the option that corresponds to the SUN JDK package. Press Enter.

That's it.

To test your java:

`$java -version`  
  

  

## C. The easy way

If you don't want to manually install the SUN JDK, you can do it via a PPA.
Since there is no official PPA for SUN JDK, you will have to grab a custom PPA
that comes with the java package. Note that custom PPAs might add extra
software sources to the repository, and cause your system to be bloated or
even have conflicts with other apps. So bear in mind the risk involved.

There are several PPAs out there that come with SUN JDK, one that you can use
is "webupd8team/java"

    
    
    sudo add-apt-repository ppa:webupd8team/java
    sudo apt-get update
    sudo apt-get install oracle-java7-installer
    

This should install SUN JDK 7 in your system.  
  

  

## D. Run Java applet in Browsers (Firefox, Chrome etc)

Even after you have installed the java package, you will find that the java
applet in your browser won't run. If you are using the OpenJDK, here is
another package that you need to install:

    
    
    $ sudo apt-get install icedtea-7-plugin
    

For Oracle java, run the commands:

    
    
    mkdir ~/.mozilla/plugins
    ln -s /usr/lib/jvm/jdk1.7.0_04/jre/lib/i386/libnpjp2.so ~/.mozilla/plugins
    

If you are using a 64-bit system, remember to change the "i386 to  **"
amd64"**.

Once install, restart your browser. The java applet should run now. To test if
Java is working in your browser, go to
<http://java.com/en/download/testjava.jsp>. If installed correctly, you should
see a "Your java is working" message.

* * *

  
  

## E. Install OpenJDK on Ubuntu 12.04 "Precise Pangolin" and Ubuntu 12.10
"Quantal Quetzal"

    
    
    $ sudo apt-get install openjdk-7-jre
    $ sudo apt-get install openjdk-7-jdk
    $ sudo apt-get install icedtea6-plugin
    

To remove the OpenJDK and the related packages, do this:

    
    
    $ sudo apt-get remove openjdk-7-jdk openjdk-7-jre icedtea6-plugin
    OR
    $ sudo apt-get remove openjdk-6-jre 
    OR
    $ sudo apt-get remove openjdk*
    

Also, related command to remove the OpenJDK:

    
    
    $ sudo apt-get remove openjdk-6-jre 
    OR
    $ sudo apt-get remove openjdk*
    

  
  

### Oracle Java 7. Install the Oracle JDK 7. Install the Oracle JRE 7. Install
the Firefox/Chrome Oracle Java 7 plugin

<http://www.iasptk.com/ubuntu-oracle-java7-jdk7-jre7-firefox-chrome-plugin>  
<http://www.webupd8.org/2012/01/install-oracle-java-jdk-7-in-ubuntu-via.html>

* * *

  
  

## F. References:

a). Oracle Site for JDK 1.7 Installation instructions  
<http://docs.oracle.com/javase/7/docs/webnotes/install/index.html#linux>

b). Completely uninstall and reinstall OpenJDK  
<http://askubuntu.com/questions/139702/completely-uninstall-and-reinstall-
openjdk>

c). "openjdk-7" source package in Precise  
<https://launchpad.net/ubuntu/precise/+source/openjdk-7>

    
    
    Ubuntu  Precise (12.04)  "openjdk-7" source package 
    
    icedtea-7-jre-jamvm: Alternative JVM for OpenJDK, using JamVM
     openjdk-7-dbg: Java runtime based on OpenJDK (debugging symbols)
     openjdk-7-demo: Java runtime based on OpenJDK (demos and examples)
     openjdk-7-doc: OpenJDK Development Kit (JDK) documentation
     openjdk-7-jdk: OpenJDK Development Kit (JDK)
     openjdk-7-jre: OpenJDK Java runtime, using Hotspot JIT
     openjdk-7-jre-headless: OpenJDK Java runtime, using Hotspot Zero (headless)
     openjdk-7-jre-lib: OpenJDK Java runtime (architecture independent libraries)
     openjdk-7-jre-zero: Alternative JVM for OpenJDK, using Zero/Shark
     openjdk-7-source: OpenJDK Development Kit (JDK) source files


