title: Hypercube  Cookie Validation
body: ## **Introduction  **

Log in to hypercube with any client, it will generate a cookie like the
following,

_%7B%22cid%22%3A%22dacb%22%2C%22userId%22%3A%22KALIX00%22%2C%22loginType%22%3A%22sso%22%2C%22timeStamp%22%3A1599240759279%2C%22admin%22%3A%22%22%2C%22token%22%3A%22zA0ab1MuWcDvRftRNTcf5QRQ6hYr1nE0TnX8OAuG0hfhv8ViG8%2FY8%2B9bGZZ%2FGmXsZG%2B6u97JGZbU4htjF214o6oupYj%2FdYbGP36JKCHyc%2Fr294Dwa9tXaKfMcHyTIdKWQl7wGllJe1oAwQEGcRx2UCvUSAIFiXAswVsKwmqOSlSrxjlE%2B4w7wD%2FDXf39kyfyPKjFskllRy3q0tqq%2F3TeVbIe9Wy6e%2FrOOPi8chvVoXclPJQMNNy2sE9mrs%2BNtbgtGGk3z9jXQvk4iSd%2Beh9XuWUbxmIIIEqbwIL8CtDgy%2FOdhx4imvnGw8OePkSVr00V%22%2C%22searchByVendorUsrId%22%3A%22%22%2C%22uniqueId%22%3A%22%22%2C%22ssoId%22%3A%22zra6Ssq4o5wbkzrns%22%7D_

Now if you open the application tab in your browser and click on your cookie,
and then if you change the cid from dacb to wecu, and change the domain from
[dacb.infoimageinc.com](http://dacb.infoimageinc.com) to
[wecu.infoimageinc.com](http://wecu.infoimageinc.com), and then change the URL
by replacing dacb with wecu, and then hit enter, you will be able to see
wecu's CSS. And if you enter a valid cif number for wecu in cookie against
userId, then you will be able to access that user's data.

We've checked the reason, and it looks like hypercube doesn't validate user
data from the token, it only checks whether the token is null, and if the
token can be decoded. If so, then it verifies that the token is valid and let
the user login without any user verification from the cookie. We've seen that
the implementation is half done, but it was never used

So looks like the issue is once a valid user comes in and created the session,
they have access to all the other users across CID's provided they have the
correct CIF and CID value

##  
 **Proposal**

We can check if the cookie is modified in the browser side every time the
client request/route in the hypercube. As we have the encrypted token in the
cookie where it contains the CIF and CID information securely, so we can
decrypt that token by calling a server-side method and check with the cookies
CIF and CID value. If the values mismatched, that means the user modified the
cookie from the browser side. Then we will log out, expire the cookie, and
close the hypercube window for the client.

  

We can also have a post API. So that we can report and store that incident to
the database. We can have the information e.g (client IP, browser information,
current CID and CIF, modified CID, CIF, login type, date&time)

##  **Implementation of cookie validation with a token in the hypercube**

###  **Flow chart**


