title: Hypercube Flags Documentation
body: bothDsoAndSsoLoginEnable

Following is a table which describes most of the flags

Flags| Details| Dependency flags  
---|---|---  
_id| Organisation id|  
  
accountLookup|

Check account number associated with the alias account number.

|  
  
accountsOrderEnable|

Shows account number with same type in sorted order if false

|  
  
accountType| Array that lists all the account types supported by the CID.|  
  
accountTypeSort| Sort the account type accordingly given list|  
  
acctAutoCreate| During enrollment auto create account if the account does not
exist in database as part of pre enrollment process.|  
  
acctExpiryDays| Number of days for which closed account can be accessed.|  
  
achErrorMsg| Error message for ePayment of online banking.|  
  
achSupport| Supports payment source type with checking and saving account if
true.|  
  
allowAppnAccessOnUnenroll| NOT USED|  
  
allowSsoGET| Supports get request in ssoExchange route if set as true.|  
  
allPaperlessChangable| Supports to sets delivery preference to electronics for
all accounts.|

    
    
    "npLinkType": "byUsr"  
  
archivalPeriodPriority| Set each statement archival period separately from
archivalPeriod json flag if set default as appType. |

    
    
    "archivalPeriod" : {},
    
    
    "hypercube": {  
      "archivalPeriod": {}  
    }  
  
attachedStatement| Push document functionality for eStatements. |  
  
attachedStatementDisable| Enable or disable push document functionality for
eStatements.|  
  
banner| The banner to be displayed on the site. CID specific banner
image/gif.|  
  
bannerVerbiage| Shows information at the start of estatement page if true.|  
  
batchDownload| Enable/disable batch download functionality.|  
  
batchTTL| Define the number of days when create a batch job.|  
  
bothAsDeliveryPreference| Show Both as delivery preference.|  
  
bothDsoAndSsoLoginEnable| Enable both SSO and DSO for the same user.|  
  
checkImage| Check image functionality for the CID.|  
  
cid| Client id in four characters.|  
  
companyURL| The URL of the company.|  
  
contact| Contact information of CID.|  
  
contextualSearch| Enable/disable contextual search.|  
  
createdAt| SSO key creation time and date.|  
  
customStatementName| Use to set custom name for statement file while download|  
  
daysToMaintenanceDowntime| Number of days before the downtime for which
message has to be displayed.|  
  
debitCardErrorMsg| Error message for loan payment with debit card.|  
  
debitSupport| Supports payment with debit card if true.|  
  
defaultFolders| Create folders during eSafety box enroll with the following
names.|  
  
defaultSSOMethod| Default SSO method for the CID as CID may support multiple
SSO.|  
  
defaultStartDate| Pre-Archival period of statements elected by the live date
(for eStatements).|  
  
defaultTokenName| Default name for the token to be passed to the POST SSO
Exchange request.|  
  
defaultTxnLimit| Amount of transaction limit per day.|  
  
denyNonenrolledSsoUsers| Show custom text for unenroll user.|

    
    
    "eStatementEnrollment": true  
      
  
disableDeliveryPreferenceChange|

Hide delivery preference box from account panel on profile.

N.B. Some clients use "delivery-pref" CSS class also to hide that box.

|  
  
disablePaperlessMessage| Alert message to be shown when user select delivery
preference from electronic to paper.|  
  
disablePaperlessToPaper| Disable the option to switch to paper delivery
preference.|  
  
disclosureSection| Display disclosure section on the eStatement site.|  
  
dsoEnrollmentFlow| The sequence of pages to be displayed during the user's DSO
enrollment.|  
  
dsoLoginEnable| Enable/disable DSO login functionality for a CID.|  
  
dsopasswordhint| Enable password hint for dso enrollment and forget password|
"mfaOnDso": false  
dsoUserDoSSOEnrollment| DSO user have to pass sso enrollment for dogin SSO|
"eStatementEnrollment": true  
dsoUserIdentification| Set which ssn is used for user identification, personal
or bussiness|  
  
editProfilePhone| Enable/disable editing the phone number from UI.|  
  
editProfilePrimaryEmail| Enable/disable editing the email address from UI.|  
  
emailAndSmsNotification| Both sms and email notification preference.|  
  
emailAndSmsNotificationText| Show custom label on radio button for
emailAndSmsNotification| "emailAndSmsNotification":true  
emailConfirmationWorkFlow| Enable/disable email confirmation flow. If
selected, an email would be sent to email to confirm its validity.|  
  
enableCombineIntoSinglePdf| Enable/disable statement to be combined in a
single pdf in batch download.|  
  
enableCompressToZip| Enable/disable statement to be compressed in a zip file
in batch download.|  
  
enableNotifPrefChangeNotification| Enable/disable notification while changing
notification preference.|  
  
enableSendWelcomeNotification| Enable/disable sending welcome notification.|  
  
eStatementEnrollment| Enable/disable enrollment when user logs in to the
eStatement application.|  
  
forcePaperlessOnEnroll| Forcefully enroll user on electronic delivery
preference if the property is enabled.|

    
    
    "paperlessConfiguration": "byAccount"   
    "paperlessConfiguration": ""   
    "paperlessConfiguration": "byUser"  
  
hasBanner| If the client has banner.|  
  
hideAcctListOnEnroll| Hides the account list on enrollment for selective
paperless but  "paperlessOnEnroll" should be set to true for all the stmt
type|  
  
hideAccountSelector| Show/hide the account selector drop down on the eStatment
page.|  
  
hideAcrobat| Hides acrobat logo from the footer|  
  
hideDeliveryPref| Hides all the account panels from profile page|  
  
hidePaperPreference| Hides only the paper delivery preference from profile
page|  
  
hideSSL| Hides SSL logo from the footer|  
  
ignoreAttachmentPassword| Enable/disable password field for email attachment|  
  
includeInserts| Include inserts of the property is enabled, exclude
otherwise.|  
  
keepSessionAliveUrl| If the parent site wants eStatement to keep session alive
by continuously heating request to a particular service, this property stores
the URL to that service.|  
  
layout| Use default layout or specify a CID specific layout of the site.|  
  
logo| The image file for the logo of the CID.|  
  
menu| The tabs to be enabled on the eStatement application.|  
  
      
    
    mfa: { "ttl": sec}

| Set ttl for MFA token in  second|  
  
minilogo| CID specific logo file for small resolution screen.|  
  
name| Name of the CU or Bank.|  
  
nickNamePreferredOverAcctNum| Show account description only if have any.|  
  
notAutoCheckEmailAttachment| By default email attachment is check in
enrollment step by if this flag is true then it unchecked the email attachment
checkbox|  
  
npLinkType| Type of notification preference linking. It could be on user
level, account level or ufa level.|  
  
overrideStmtTypeLanding| Show default statement as "stmt_type" parameter value
that passes from sso file| "singleSignOn7": {  
"overrideStmtTypeLanding": true  
}  
paperlessConfiguration| Define in which way profile will show accounts .|  
  
paperless : { " **disabledForSubUser** ": bool },| This disabledForSubUser
flag is used to disable notification change for sub user on profile page|  
  
payBillDay| Define pay bill date.|  
  
popupAlert| Allow popup modal or dialog box to appear when needed.|  
  
preserveSsoPayloadOnEnrollment| Set app session email from cookie if set as
true.|  
  
profileEmailLimit| The limit on number of emails/account.|  
  
profilePhoneLimit| The limit on number of phones/account.|  
  
profilePrimaryEmail | If the CID has primary email for the user.|  
  
      
    
    profileSubmitPreferenceText

| Custom submit preference text for profile page|  
  
readOnlyFolders| Create read only folder for eBox with the following names.|  
  
requireTermsAgreementOnPaperlessEnrollment| Display terms and condition modal
when the user switches from paper to paperless on profile tab.|  
  
sessionTTL| Customize session time-out time in seconds. By default, it's 10min
if the flag is not there.|  
  
showAcctDescription|

Show description in account selection drop down.

|  
  
showBottomBar| shows a bottom bar before footer|  
  
showClosedAcctStatement| Show statement, batchDownload, disclousure |  
  
showdsocaptcha| Enable/disable showing captcha in DSO enrollment.|  
  
showOnlySelectedDeliveryPreference| Enable/disable showing only selected
delivery preference on the profile page.|  
  
showOrgNameInAcctSelector| Enable or disable showing organization name in the
account selection dropdow.|  
  
smsConfirmationWorkFlow| Enable/disable phone number confirmation flow. If
selected, a confirmation code would be sent to the phone number for
validation.|  
  
smsNotification| Enable sms notification preference. Default is email.|  
  
sslSealName| Image to be displayed for the ssl seal.|

    
    
      
      
  
sslSealTitle| Title on the ssl seal image.|  
  
ssoEnrollment| Call sso enrollment API or directly go to the user enrollment.|  
  
ssoEnrollmentFlow| The sequence of pages to be displayed during the user
enrollment.|  
  
ssoExchangeErrorMessage| This flag contains specific error message in
accountList is empty during ssoExchange|  
  
ssoMethod| Details of sso method used by the CID. It contains all the details
needed or the SSO such as method name, password, client specific code.|  
  
ssoUserUpdate| Update the user info such as email, phone, etc. passed as the
parameter to the sso post request.| "profileEmailLimit": 1  
statementArchivalPeriod| Contractually elected View Statement Archival Period
(retention period of eStatements for member/user viewing)|  
  
statements| Description or configuration details of different types of
statements for selective paperless.|

    
    
    "paperlessConfiguration": "bySelective"  
  
statementname| set custom statement file name as string|

    
    
    "customStatementName":true  
      
  
statementType| All the statement types supported by the CID.|

    
    
    "paperlessConfiguration": "byAccount"  
  
submenu| The sub menu item under menu item or drop down item of a menu tab.|

    
    
    "menu": [{}]  
  
taxReplacement| Show YES/NO for tax statement if the tax is replacement.|  
  
transChargeAmt| NOT USED|  
  
txnLimitMsg| Alert message to be shown if a user reached the transaction
limit.|  
  
undeliverableEmailMessage| Text that will show on undeliverable email
popupalert|  
  
unenrollOnDeliveryPreferenceChange| Un-enroll user when change delivery
preference to paper if set as true.|  
  
updateCore| Set parameter (symxchange, jxchange) in update user account api.|  
  
updateHoldStatus| Update account hold status at the sso enrollment.|  
  
useDatabaseUfaOnly|  Support q2sso to deny non-UFA accounts| "ssoMethod": {  
"q2sso": {}  
}  
usrAutoCreate| During enrollment auto create user if the user does not exist
in database as part of pre-enrollment process.|  
  
viewStatementForPaperUser| Show statement if the user account is in paper.|  
  
welcomeNotifySuccessText| Customize the pop-up message text that appears after
successfully sending a welcome email.|  
  
  
  


