title: InfoDocs Account Management (Version 2)
body: # **Account Management Login page**

 ****

 **  
Screen-shot Displaying InfoDocs Account Management v2 Login Page**

  

  

 ****

 ** **Screen-shot Displaying InfoDocs Account Management v2 Login Page****

  

 **Search type:** User email/ Account number

 **Account Number:** search keyword- Account Number

 **User Email:** search keyword- Account Number. Login in using an email will
display all **user/ account/ account user UFA** details in the home page after
the user has logged in.

 **SSN:** search keyword- Account Number.

 **Exact Match:** clicking on this and hitting will show the exact result user
has put as input in the account number. Not clicking on exact match will carry
out **partial search** which picks out the 3 rightmost numbers of the string
input and produce results which have of strings matching the rightmost
numbers.

  

 **Screen-shot Displaying InfoDocs Account Management Home Page**

As seen from the display above, each statement has a separate subsection in
the Delivery Preference section.  Each statement has separate and independent
options such as Paperless History, Opt-out Statement, Edit, etc; however it
must be noted that all these features must be configured from back-end for the
client to gain access.

 **Paperless History:** clicking on will open a pop-up box displaying the
following:

 **Screen-shot Displaying InfoDocs Paperless History pop-up**



  

 **Edit (Paper to Paperless):** clicking on icon will display the following
pop-up box where user must choose between the options: Paper/ Electronic for
that particular statement

 **Screen-shot Displaying InfoDocs Account Management Edit Delivery Preference
popup**

#  **Important Features**

  

 **Following:** as an example of the feature the following hypothesis is true-
if a Enotice is following Statement, changing Statement from Paper to
Paperless will change Enotice as well.

 **Disable paper:** enabling this feature will disable the paper option from
when user clicks on . In other words, the user will not be able to switch to
paper as delivery preference.

  

 **Paper Dependance:** as an example of the feature the following hypothesis
is true- if Enotice is paper-dependant on Statement , and is changed to paper,
Statement must already have to be in paper or else Enotice will not change.

  

 **Paperless Restriction:** as an example of the feature the following
hypothesis is true- Mortgage and Enotice being two separate statements, if
there is a paperless restriction on Enotice it means Enotice will not be
enrolled as paperless unless Mortgage is already enrolled in paperless.

  

 **Email opt-out:** checking into this option will disable all emails to the
user for a specific period of time.

  

 **Not Viewable:** this feature disables display of documents of in statement
tabs in the hypercube site.

  

 **Screen-shot Displaying InfoDocs Account Management Not-viewable feature**

  

If Notification preference is dependent on Delivery Preference and if one of
the statements is converted to Paperless, then email is displayed in box

  

 **Unenroll on Delivery Preference change:** if all the statements are in
paperless then **Enrollment Status** (User Information) will be **Enrolled**.
If not, Enrollment Status will be **Unenrolled**. Depending on the Enrollment
Status, email address will be displayed in the Delivery Preference subsection.
It must be noted that if enrollment status is unenrolled then the Edit
Delivery Preference message box will not display paperless as an option.

  


