title: ISD-5724
body: # General - **All fields must be filled out**

CID| Global  
---|---  
TeamSupport #|  
  
Title| Hypercube Pagination Refactoring  
Requested By| Infoimage  
Date Started|

  
  
Pilot Date|

  
  
Release Date|

  
  
Tag #|  
  
Type| Release  
Developer|  
Witness|  
  
  
  

  
| Development| Pilot| Staging| Production (Commit)| Production (Release)  
---|---|---|---|---|---  
Hypercube|

 **client/lib/spacebarHelpers.js:** Added 4 new method named:
enablePagination, getPageAccountLimit, createDatatable and redrawDatatable.

 **client/views/admin/acct-mgmg/_acct-selector.html:** Added scrollbar to
account selector when pagination is enabled.

 **client/views/enrollment/dso:** Added a template named dsoAccount.html and a
js file named dsoAccount.js.

 **client/views/enrollment/dso/dsoEnrollPreferences.html:  **Added datatable.

 **client/views/enrollment/dso/dsoEnrollPreferences.js:** Code refactoring
with new template.

 **client/views/enrollment/dso/enrollVerifyUser.js:** Rendering to
dsoEnrollmentPref while there is no error in userAccountsApi.

 **client/views/enrollment/eStatement:  **Added a template named account.html
and a js file named account.js.

 **client/views/enrollment/eStatement/enrollPreferences.html:** Added
datatable.

 **client/views/enrollment/eStatement/enrollPreferences.js:** Code refactoring
with new template.

 **client/views/profile:** Added a template named accountInfo.html and a js
file named accountInfo.js.

 **client/views/profile/profile.html:** Added datatable.

 **client/views/profile/profile.js:** Code refactoring with new template.

 **lib/allConstants/util.js:** Modified insertUserAccounts method

 **public/css/style.css:** Made input field's width 100%

 **server/methods.js:** Added new method named updateUserAccountsAPIMockData.

|

 **client/lib/spacebarHelpers.js:** Added 4 new method named:
enablePagination, getPageAccountLimit, createDatatable and redrawDatatable.

 **client/views/admin/acct-mgmg/_acct-selector.html:** Added scrollbar to
account selector when pagination is enabled.

 **client/views/enrollment/dso:** Added a template named dsoAccount.html and a
js file named dsoAccount.js.

 **client/views/enrollment/dso/dsoEnrollPreferences.html:  **Added datatable.

 **client/views/enrollment/dso/dsoEnrollPreferences.js:** Code refactoring
with new template.

 **client/views/enrollment/dso/enrollVerifyUser.js:** Rendering to
dsoEnrollmentPref while there is no error in userAccountsApi.

 **client/views/enrollment/eStatement:  **Added a template named account.html
and a js file named account.js.

 **client/views/enrollment/eStatement/enrollPreferences.html:** Added
datatable.

 **client/views/enrollment/eStatement/enrollPreferences.js:** Code refactoring
with new template.

 **client/views/profile:** Added a template named accountInfo.html and a js
file named accountInfo.js.

 **client/views/profile/profile.html:** Added datatable.

 **client/views/profile/profile.js:** Code refactoring with new template.

 **lib/allConstants/util.js:** Modified insertUserAccounts method

 **public/css/style.css:** Made input field's width 100%

 **server/methods.js:** Added new method named updateUserAccountsAPIMockData.

|

 **client/lib/spacebarHelpers.js:** Added 4 new method named:
enablePagination, getPageAccountLimit, createDatatable and redrawDatatable.

 **client/views/admin/acct-mgmg/_acct-selector.html:** Added scrollbar to
account selector when pagination is enabled.

 **client/views/enrollment/dso:** Added a template named dsoAccount.html and a
js file named dsoAccount.js.

 **client/views/enrollment/dso/dsoEnrollPreferences.html:  **Added datatable.

 **client/views/enrollment/dso/dsoEnrollPreferences.js:** Code refactoring
with new template.

 **client/views/enrollment/dso/enrollVerifyUser.js:** Rendering to
dsoEnrollmentPref while there is no error in userAccountsApi.

 **client/views/enrollment/eStatement:  **Added a template named account.html
and a js file named account.js.

 **client/views/enrollment/eStatement/enrollPreferences.html:** Added
datatable.

 **client/views/enrollment/eStatement/enrollPreferences.js:** Code refactoring
with new template.

 **client/views/profile:** Added a template named accountInfo.html and a js
file named accountInfo.js.

 **client/views/profile/profile.html:** Added datatable.

 **client/views/profile/profile.js:** Code refactoring with new template.

 **lib/allConstants/util.js:** Modified insertUserAccounts method

 **public/css/style.css:** Made input field's width 100%

 **server/methods.js:** Added new method named updateUserAccountsAPIMockData.

|  
|  
  
Processing UI|  
|  
|  
|  
|  
  
etc|  
|  
|  
|  
|  
  
  
  


