title: ISD-7045
body: # General - **All fields must be filled out**

CID| GCBK  
---|---  
TeamSupport #| 28747  
Title| Separate Closed Escrow into its own statement type  
Requested By| GCBK  
Date Started|  
  
Pilot Date|  
  
Release Date|  
  
Tag #|  
  
Type| Bug Fix | **Release** | Other  
Developer|

  
  
Witness|  
  
  
Key changes:

  * Closed escrow ea2 should have AOLP disabled.
  * Closed escrow should have its own email template and SMS template (Note: Both need to be updated before sending emails).
  * Previous ea2 statements should be migrated over to the closed_escrow stmt type.

  

Unchanged:

  * Closed escrow should be viewable under the same tabs as escrow (SSO - statements tab, admin - loan tab).
  * Closed escrow counts should appear under the Number of Statements report under the same type as escrow, Loan.
  * Processing configurations should be same as escrow, with the exception of AOLP.

  

  
| Development| Pilot| Staging| Production (Commit)| Production (Release)  
---|---|---|---|---|---  
Prism code|

MSM

195 incomplete define.jsp 196 incomplete report1.jsp 197 incomplete
statement_type_report_results.jsp 198 incomplete list_inc.jspf

ROOT

199 incomplete selectAcct.jsp 200 incomplete acctNum.jsp 201 incomplete
list_inc.jspf |

MSM

277 complete define.jsp 278 complete report1.jsp 279 complete
statement_type_report_results.jsp 280 complete list_inc.jspf

ROOT

281 complete selectAcct.jsp 282 complete acctNum.jsp 283 complete
list_inc.jspf |

MSM

284 complete define.jsp 285 complete report1.jsp 286 complete
statement_type_report_results.jsp 287 complete list_inc.jspf

ROOT

288 complete selectAcct.jsp 289 complete acctNum.jsp 290 complete
list_inc.jspf |

MSM

291 incomplete define.jsp 292 incomplete report1.jsp 293 incomplete
statement_type_report_results.jsp 294 incomplete list_inc.jspf

ROOT

295 incomplete selectAcct.jsp 296 incomplete acctNum.jsp 297 incomplete
list_inc.jspf |  
  
Processing UI|

Conf file

202 complete global.ea2=closed_escrow 203 complete
global.closed_escrow.desc=Closed Escrow Analysis 204 complete
global.closed_escrow.needApproval=false 205 complete
doc.closed_escrow.estmtselinsert=true 207 complete
email.closed_escrow.needApproval=false 208 complete
email.closed_escrow.featureType=sms 209 complete
optoutFeature.statementType=default,enotice,loan,escrow,closed_escrow |

Conf file

298 complete global.ea2=closed_escrow 299 complete
global.closed_escrow.desc=Closed Escrow Analysis 300 complete
global.closed_escrow.needApproval=false 301 complete
doc.closed_escrow.estmtselinsert=true 302 complete
email.closed_escrow.needApproval=false 303 complete
email.closed_escrow.featureType=sms 304 complete
optoutFeature.statementType=default,enotice,loan,escrow,closed_escrow |

Conf file

305 complete global.ea2=closed_escrow 306 complete
global.closed_escrow.desc=Closed Escrow Analysis 307 complete
global.closed_escrow.needApproval=false 308 complete
doc.closed_escrow.estmtselinsert=true 309 complete
email.closed_escrow.needApproval=false 310 complete
email.closed_escrow.featureType=sms 311 complete
optoutFeature.statementType=default,enotice,loan,escrow,closed_escrow |

Conf file

312 incomplete global.ea2=closed_escrow 313 incomplete
global.closed_escrow.desc=Closed Escrow Analysis 314 incomplete
global.closed_escrow.needApproval=false 315 incomplete
doc.closed_escrow.estmtselinsert=true 316 incomplete
doc.closed_escrow.automatedEmailNotification=true 317 incomplete
email.closed_escrow.needApproval=false 318 incomplete
email.closed_escrow.featureType=sms 319 incomplete
optoutFeature.statementType=default,enotice,loan,escrow,closed_escrow |  
  
Database|  210 complete statement_type 211 complete doc_desc |  320 complete
statement_type 321 complete doc_desc |  322 complete statement_type 323
complete doc_desc |  324 incomplete statement_type 325 incomplete doc_desc |  
  
Other|  212 incomplete Email template is updated 326 incomplete Emails send
successfully 213 complete Added statement type to InfoConfig |  327 complete
Email template is updated 328 complete Emails send successfully 329 complete
Added statement type to InfoConfig 343 complete Test API |  330 complete Email
template is updated 331 complete Emails send successfully 340 complete SMS
sends successfully 332 complete Added statement type to InfoConfig 344
complete Test API |  333 incomplete Email template is updated 334 incomplete
Emails send successfully* 335 incomplete Added statement type to InfoConfig |  
  
Statement Migration|  214 complete Move all ea2 statements to the
closed_escrow statement type |  336 complete Move all ea2 statements to the
closed_escrow statement type |  337 complete Move all ea2 statements to the
closed_escrow statement type |  338 incomplete Move all ea2 statements to the
closed_escrow statement type |  
  
  
  


