title: ISD-6091 BypassDT JobID Search
body: # General -  **All fields must be filled out**

CID| Global  
---|---  
TeamSupport #|  
  
Title| Bypass DT JobID Search  
Requested By|  
  
Date Started|

  
  
Pilot Date|

  
  
Release Date|  
  
Tag #|  
  
Type| Bug Fix | **Release** | Other  
Developer|

  
  
Witness|  
  
  

  
| Dev| Pilot| Staging| Production| Deployment  
---|---|---|---|---|---  
Processing UI|  774 incomplete afp/ProcessingJob.java 775 incomplete
document/ProcessingJob.java 776 incomplete enotice/ProcessingJob.java 777
incomplete enotice/ProcessingJob2.java 778 incomplete
enotice/ProcessingJob3.java 779 incomplete enotice/ProcessingJob4.java 780
incomplete eTax/ProcessingJob.java 781 incomplete server/Worker.java |  782
complete afp/ProcessingJob.java 783 complete document/ProcessingJob.java 784
complete enotice/ProcessingJob.java 785 complete enotice/ProcessingJob2.java
786 complete enotice/ProcessingJob3.java 787 complete
enotice/ProcessingJob4.java 788 complete eTax/ProcessingJob.java 789 complete
server/Worker.java |  790 incomplete afp/ProcessingJob.java 791 incomplete
document/ProcessingJob.java 792 incomplete enotice/ProcessingJob.java 793
incomplete enotice/ProcessingJob2.java 794 incomplete
enotice/ProcessingJob3.java 795 incomplete enotice/ProcessingJob4.java 796
incomplete eTax/ProcessingJob.java 797 incomplete server/Worker.java |  798
incomplete afp/ProcessingJob.java 799 incomplete document/ProcessingJob.java
800 incomplete enotice/ProcessingJob.java 801 incomplete
enotice/ProcessingJob2.java 802 incomplete enotice/ProcessingJob3.java 803
incomplete enotice/ProcessingJob4.java 804 incomplete eTax/ProcessingJob.java
805 incomplete server/Worker.java |  806 incomplete Dev 807 complete Pilot 808
incomplete Staging 809 incomplete Production  
PUI Frontend|

svn: **estmt2/processing/ui/trunk**

810 incomplete afp/action.jsp 811 incomplete afp/index.jsp 812 incomplete
doc/action.jsp 813 incomplete doc/index.jsp 814 incomplete enotice/action.jsp
815 incomplete enotice/index.jsp 816 incomplete enotice2/action.jsp 817
incomplete enotice2/index.jsp 818 incomplete enotice3/action.jsp 819
incomplete enotice3/index.jsp 820 incomplete enotice4/action.jsp 821
incomplete enotice4/index.jsp 822 incomplete etax/action.jsp 823 incomplete
etax/index.jsp | svn: ****estmt2/processing/ui/branches/pilot**** 824 complete
afp/action.jsp 825 complete afp/index.jsp 826 complete doc/action.jsp 827
complete doc/index.jsp 828 complete enotice/action.jsp 829 complete
enotice/index.jsp 830 complete enotice2/action.jsp 831 complete
enotice2/index.jsp 832 complete enotice3/action.jsp 833 complete
enotice3/index.jsp 834 complete enotice4/action.jsp 835 complete
enotice4/index.jsp 836 complete etax/action.jsp 837 complete etax/index.jsp |
svn: **estmt2/processing/ui/branches/staging**   838 incomplete afp/action.jsp
839 incomplete afp/index.jsp 840 incomplete doc/action.jsp 841 incomplete
doc/index.jsp 842 incomplete enotice/action.jsp 843 incomplete
enotice/index.jsp 844 incomplete enotice2/action.jsp 845 incomplete
enotice2/index.jsp 846 incomplete enotice3/action.jsp 847 incomplete
enotice3/index.jsp 848 incomplete enotice4/action.jsp 849 incomplete
enotice4/index.jsp 850 incomplete etax/action.jsp 851 incomplete
etax/index.jsp | svn: ****estmt2/processing/ui/branches/production**** 852
incomplete afp/action.jsp 853 incomplete afp/index.jsp 854 incomplete
doc/action.jsp 855 incomplete doc/index.jsp 856 incomplete enotice/action.jsp
857 incomplete enotice/index.jsp 858 incomplete enotice2/action.jsp 859
incomplete enotice2/index.jsp 860 incomplete enotice3/action.jsp 861
incomplete enotice3/index.jsp 862 incomplete enotice4/action.jsp 863
incomplete enotice4/index.jsp 864 incomplete etax/action.jsp 865 incomplete
etax/index.jsp |  866 incomplete Dev 867 complete Pilot 868 incomplete Staging
869 incomplete Production  
  
  


