title: ISD-4897
body: # General - **All fields must be filled out**

CID| GLOBAL  
---|---  
TeamSupport #|  
  
Title| Removing esafetybox, esignature, epay code from hypercube  
Requested By|  
  
Date Started|

  
  
Pilot Date|

  
  
Release Date|  
  
Tag #|  
  
Type| Bug Fix | Release | **Other**  
Developer|  
  
Witness|  
  
  

  
| Development| Pilot| Staging| Production (Commit)| Production (Release)  
---|---|---|---|---|---  
Hypercube|



 **Changes on file:**

240 complete client/lib/spacebarHelpers.js 241 complete
client/views/enrollment/eStatement/enrollPreferences.js 242 complete
client/views/profile/profile.html 243 incomplete
client/views/profile/profile.js 244 incomplete lib/allConstants/constants.js
245 incomplete lib/allConstants/util.js 246 complete
private/assets/alcu/properties/properties.json 247 complete
private/assets/banb/properties/properties.json 248 complete
private/assets/clcu/properties/properties.json 249 complete
private/assets/demo/properties/properties.json 250 complete
private/assets/dfcu/properties/properties.json 251 complete
private/assets/epcu/properties/properties.json 252 complete
private/assets/lbcu/properties/properties.json 253 complete
private/assets/myto/properties/properties.json 254 complete
private/assets/rwcu/properties/properties.json 255 complete
private/assets/sfce/properties/properties.json 256 complete
private/assets/tkcu/properties/properties.json 257 complete
private/assets/wtcu/properties/properties.json

**Removed files:**

  1. routes/eBoxRoutes.js
  2. routes/ePayRoutes.js
  3. routes/eSignRoutes.js
  4. server/eBoxMethod.js
  5. servere/PayMethods.js
  6. server/eSignMethod.js
  7. client/views/e-payments
  8. client/views/e-safetybox
  9. client/views/e-signature
  10. client/views/enrollment/ePayment
  11. client/views/enrollment/eSafetyBox
  12. client/views/enrollment/eSignature

 **Removed flags:**

  1. ePayRedirectEnable
  2. achSupport
  3. creditSupport
  4. debitSupport
  5. cardTypeValReq
  6. ePayAuthRequire
  7. transChargeAmt
  8. defaultTxnLimit
  9. payBillDay
  10. ePayRedirectURL
  11. txnLimitMsg 
  12. achErrorMsg
  13. debitCardErrorMsg
  14. creditCardErrorMsg
  15. boxCloseDay,
  16. eSafetyBoxEnable
  17. primaryEnrollmentCheck
  18. epayEnrollmentFlow[] 
  19. esignEnrollmentFlow[] 
  20. readOnlyFolders[]
  21. defaultFolders[]
  22. ePayAccountTypes[]
  23. ePaySourceTypes[]

 **Deployed to:**

258 complete hypercube-dv-01

|



 **Changes on file:**

41 complete client/lib/spacebarHelpers.js 62 complete
client/views/enrollment/eStatement/enrollPreferences.js 63 complete
client/views/profile/profile.html 64 complete client/views/profile/profile.js
208 complete lib/allConstants/constants.js 65 complete
lib/allConstants/util.js 66 complete
private/assets/alcu/properties/properties.json 209 complete
private/assets/banb/properties/properties.json 210 complete
private/assets/clcu/properties/properties.json 211 complete
private/assets/demo/properties/properties.json 212 complete
private/assets/dfcu/properties/properties.json 213 complete
private/assets/epcu/properties/properties.json 214 complete
private/assets/lbcu/properties/properties.json 215 complete
private/assets/myto/properties/properties.json 216 complete
private/assets/rwcu/properties/properties.json 217 complete
private/assets/sfce/properties/properties.json 218 complete
private/assets/tkcu/properties/properties.json 219 complete
private/assets/wtcu/properties/properties.json

**Removed files:**

  1. routes/eBoxRoutes.js
  2. routes/ePayRoutes.js
  3. routes/eSignRoutes.js
  4. server/eBoxMethod.js
  5. servere/PayMethods.js
  6. server/eSignMethod.js
  7. client/views/e-payments
  8. client/views/e-safetybox
  9. client/views/e-signature
  10. client/views/enrollment/ePayment
  11. client/views/enrollment/eSafetyBox
  12. client/views/enrollment/eSignature

 **Removed flags:**

  1. ePayRedirectEnable
  2. achSupport
  3. creditSupport
  4. debitSupport
  5. cardTypeValReq
  6. ePayAuthRequire
  7. transChargeAmt
  8. defaultTxnLimit
  9. payBillDay
  10. ePayRedirectURL
  11. txnLimitMsg 
  12. achErrorMsg
  13. debitCardErrorMsg
  14. creditCardErrorMsg
  15. boxCloseDay,
  16. eSafetyBoxEnable
  17. primaryEnrollmentCheck
  18. epayEnrollmentFlow[] 
  19. esignEnrollmentFlow[] 
  20. readOnlyFolders[]
  21. defaultFolders[]
  22. ePayAccountTypes[]
  23. ePaySourceTypes[]

 **Deployed to:**

4302 complete hypercube-pi-01 220 complete hypercube-pi-02

  

|  
|  
|  
  
Processing UI|  
|  
|  
|  
|  
  
etc|  
|  
|  
|  
|  
  
  
  


