title: ISD-3497: INHS - Backup Logic Update
body: # General - **All fields must be filled out**

CID| Global  
---|---  
TeamSupport #|  
  
Title| INHS - Backup Logic Update  
Requested By|  
  
Date Started| 14 Dec 2020  
Pilot Date| 23 Dec 2020  
Release Date|  
  
Tag #|  
  
Type|  **Bug Fix** | Release | Other  
Developer|  
  
Witness|  
  
  
  

Dev| Pilot| Deploy to Prod|  
  
---|---|---|---  
  
 **PUI Backend**

 **Package** : com/infoimage/processing/common/

 **Files** :

136 complete BackupHelper.java 137 complete JobStatus.java

**Package:**  com/infoimage/processing/application/

 **Files** :

138 complete afp/ProcessingJob.java 139 complete
aiuserprocessing/ProcessingJob.java 140 complete auth/ProcessingJob.java 141
complete auth/ProcessingJob2.java 142 complete check/ProcessingJob.java 143
complete check/ProcessingJob3.java 144 complete
close_account/ProcessingJob.java 145 complete confirm_mail/ProcessingJob.java
146 complete confirm_mail/ProcessingUspsJob.java 147 complete
direct_enrollment/ProcessingJob.java 148 complete
direct_notification/ProcessingJob.java 149 complete
document/ProcessingJob.java 150 complete ecl/ProcessingJob.java 151 complete
enotice/ProcessingJob.java 152 complete enotice/ProcessingJob2.java 153
complete enotice/ProcessingJob3.java 154 complete enotice/ProcessingJob4.java
155 complete esignature/ProcessingJob.java 156 complete
estmt_notification/ProcessingJob.java 157 complete eTax/ProcessingJob.java 158
complete idMap/ProcessingJob.java 159 complete insert/ProcessingJob.java 160
complete paperless/ProcessingJob.java 161 complete payebill/ProcessingJob.java
162 complete pdf/ProcessingJob.java 163 complete permission/ProcessingJob.java
164 complete promo_notification/ProcessingJob.java 165 complete
proofing/ProcessingJob.java 166 complete purge_account/ProcessingJob.java 167
complete queued_command/ProcessingJob.java 168 complete
report/ProcessingJob.java 169 complete revert_to_paper/ProcessingJob.java 170
complete sample/ProcessingJob.java 171 complete
search_index/ProcessingJob.java 172 complete
selective_email/ProcessingJob.java 173 complete xml/ProcessingJob.java 174
incomplete |

**PUI Backend**

 **Package** : com/infoimage/processing/common/

 **Files** :

175 complete BackupHelper.java 176 complete JobStatus.java

**Package:**  com/infoimage/processing/application/

 **Files** :

177 complete afp/ProcessingJob.java 178 complete
aiuserprocessing/ProcessingJob.java 179 complete auth/ProcessingJob.java 180
complete auth/ProcessingJob2.java 181 complete check/ProcessingJob.java 182
complete check/ProcessingJob3.java 183 complete
close_account/ProcessingJob.java 184 complete confirm_mail/ProcessingJob.java
185 complete confirm_mail/ProcessingUspsJob.java 186 complete
direct_enrollment/ProcessingJob.java 187 complete
direct_notification/ProcessingJob.java 188 complete
document/ProcessingJob.java 189 complete ecl/ProcessingJob.java 190 complete
enotice/ProcessingJob.java 191 complete enotice/ProcessingJob2.java 192
complete enotice/ProcessingJob3.java 193 complete enotice/ProcessingJob4.java
194 complete esignature/ProcessingJob.java 195 complete
estmt_notification/ProcessingJob.java 196 complete eTax/ProcessingJob.java 197
complete idMap/ProcessingJob.java 198 complete insert/ProcessingJob.java 199
complete paperless/ProcessingJob.java 200 complete payebill/ProcessingJob.java
201 complete pdf/ProcessingJob.java 202 complete permission/ProcessingJob.java
203 complete promo_notification/ProcessingJob.java 204 complete
proofing/ProcessingJob.java 205 complete purge_account/ProcessingJob.java 206
complete queued_command/ProcessingJob.java 207 complete
report/ProcessingJob.java 208 complete revert_to_paper/ProcessingJob.java 209
complete sample/ProcessingJob.java 210 complete
search_index/ProcessingJob.java 211 complete
selective_email/ProcessingJob.java 212 complete xml/ProcessingJob.java |

**PUI Backend**

 **Package** : com/infoimage/processing/common/

 **Files** :

213 incomplete BackupHelper.java 214 incomplete JobStatus.java

**Package:**  com/infoimage/processing/application/

 **Files** :

215 incomplete afp/ProcessingJob.java 216 incomplete
aiuserprocessing/ProcessingJob.java 217 incomplete auth/ProcessingJob.java 218
incomplete auth/ProcessingJob2.java 219 incomplete check/ProcessingJob.java
220 incomplete check/ProcessingJob3.java 221 incomplete
close_account/ProcessingJob.java 222 incomplete
confirm_mail/ProcessingJob.java 223 incomplete
confirm_mail/ProcessingUspsJob.java 224 incomplete
direct_enrollment/ProcessingJob.java 225 incomplete
direct_notification/ProcessingJob.java 226 incomplete
document/ProcessingJob.java 227 incomplete ecl/ProcessingJob.java 228
incomplete enotice/ProcessingJob.java 229 incomplete
enotice/ProcessingJob2.java 230 incomplete enotice/ProcessingJob3.java 231
incomplete enotice/ProcessingJob4.java 232 incomplete
esignature/ProcessingJob.java 233 incomplete
estmt_notification/ProcessingJob.java 234 incomplete eTax/ProcessingJob.java
235 incomplete idMap/ProcessingJob.java 236 incomplete
insert/ProcessingJob.java 237 incomplete paperless/ProcessingJob.java 238
incomplete payebill/ProcessingJob.java 239 incomplete pdf/ProcessingJob.java
240 incomplete permission/ProcessingJob.java 241 incomplete
promo_notification/ProcessingJob.java 242 incomplete
proofing/ProcessingJob.java 243 incomplete purge_account/ProcessingJob.java
244 incomplete queued_command/ProcessingJob.java 245 incomplete
report/ProcessingJob.java 246 incomplete revert_to_paper/ProcessingJob.java
247 incomplete sample/ProcessingJob.java 248 incomplete
search_index/ProcessingJob.java 249 incomplete
selective_email/ProcessingJob.java 250 incomplete xml/ProcessingJob.java |  
  
  
**PUI Frontend**

251 complete /estmt2/processing/ui/trunk/ROOT/src/main/webapp/home.jsp 252
complete /estmt2/processing/ui/trunk/ROOT/src/main/webapp/style/processing.css
|

**PUI Frontend**

253 complete /estmt2/processing/ui/trunk/ROOT/src/main/webapp/home.jsp 254
complete /estmt2/processing/ui/trunk/ROOT/src/main/webapp/style/processing.css
|

**PUI Frontend**

255 incomplete /estmt2/processing/ui/trunk/ROOT/src/main/webapp/home.jsp 256
incomplete
/estmt2/processing/ui/trunk/ROOT/src/main/webapp/style/processing.css

  

|  
  
  
  

  

  

  

  

  

  


