title: ISD-5422
body: # General - **All fields must be filled out**

CID| SNFB  
---|---  
TeamSupport #| 20551  
Title| SNFB - Update archival files to include backers  
Requested By|  
  
Date Started|

  
  
Pilot Date|  
  
Release Date|  
  
Tag #|  
  
Type| Bug Fix | Release | **Other**  
Developer|  
Witness|  
  
  

  
| Development| Pilot| Staging| Production (Commit)| Production (Release)  
---|---|---|---|---|---  
Prism (ROOT)|

File changes :

4159 incomplete src/main/webapp/include/header.jspf 4160 incomplete
src/main/webapp/include/header2.jspf 4161 incomplete
src/main/webapp/include/eader_dso.jspf

File deleted :

4162 incomplete src/main/webapp/disclosure.jsp 4163 incomplete
src/main/webapp/Business_back_only.pdf 4164 incomplete
src/main/webapp/Heloc_back_only.pdf 4165 incomplete
src/main/webapp/Mortgage_back_only.pdf 4166 incomplete
src/main/webapp/Personal_back_only.pdf |

File changes :

4167 incomplete src/main/webapp/include/header.jspf 4168 incomplete
src/main/webapp/include/header2.jspf 4169 incomplete
src/main/webapp/include/eader_dso.jspf

File deleted :

4170 incomplete src/main/webapp/disclosure.jsp 4171 incomplete
src/main/webapp/Business_back_only.pdf 4172 incomplete
src/main/webapp/Heloc_back_only.pdf 4173 incomplete
src/main/webapp/Mortgage_back_only.pdf 4174 incomplete
src/main/webapp/Personal_back_only.pdf |

File changes :

4175 incomplete src/main/webapp/include/header.jspf 4176 incomplete
src/main/webapp/include/header2.jspf 4177 incomplete
src/main/webapp/include/eader_dso.jspf

File deleted :

4178 incomplete src/main/webapp/disclosure.jsp 4179 incomplete
src/main/webapp/Business_back_only.pdf 4180 incomplete
src/main/webapp/Heloc_back_only.pdf 4181 incomplete
src/main/webapp/Mortgage_back_only.pdf 4182 incomplete
src/main/webapp/Personal_back_only.pdf |

File changes :

4183 incomplete src/main/webapp/include/header.jspf 4184 incomplete
src/main/webapp/include/header2.jspf 4185 incomplete
src/main/webapp/include/eader_dso.jspf

File deleted :

4186 incomplete src/main/webapp/disclosure.jsp 4187 incomplete
src/main/webapp/Business_back_only.pdf 4188 incomplete
src/main/webapp/Heloc_back_only.pdf 4189 incomplete
src/main/webapp/Mortgage_back_only.pdf 4190 incomplete
src/main/webapp/Personal_back_only.pdf |

File changes :

4191 incomplete src/main/webapp/include/header.jspf 4192 incomplete
src/main/webapp/include/header2.jspf 4193 incomplete
src/main/webapp/include/eader_dso.jspf

File deleted :

4194 incomplete src/main/webapp/disclosure.jsp 4195 incomplete
src/main/webapp/Business_back_only.pdf 4196 incomplete
src/main/webapp/Heloc_back_only.pdf 4197 incomplete
src/main/webapp/Mortgage_back_only.pdf 4198 incomplete
src/main/webapp/Personal_back_only.pdf  
  
  


