title: ISD-3703 - OSCU - Hypercube Migration
body: # General - **All fields must be filled out**

CID| OSCU  
---|---  
Status |

GreenDONE  
  
TeamSupport #| 15085  
Title| OSCU - Hypercube Migration  
Requested By|  
  
Date Started|

  
  
Pilot Date|

  
  
Release Date|

  
  
Tag #|  
  
Type| Bug Fix | **Release** | Other  
Developer|  
  
Witness|

    
  
  

  
| Development| Pilot| Staging| Production (Commit)| Production (Release)  
---|---|---|---|---|---  
Hypercube|  4027 complete update settings_dev.json 4028 complete
lib/allConstants/constants.js 386 complete
client/views/disclosure/disclosureslist.html 387 complete
client/views/disclosure/disclosureslist.js 401 complete
client/views/enrollment/eStatement/enrollPreferences.js 4029 complete
private/assets/oscu/* 4030 complete public/assets/oscu/* 374 complete
public/images/ |  4031 complete update settings_pilot.json 4032 complete
lib/allConstants/constants.js 4033 complete
client/views/disclosure/disclosureslist.html 4034 complete
client/views/disclosure/disclosureslist.js 4035 complete
client/views/enrollment/eStatement/enrollPreferences.js 4036 incomplete
private/assets/oscu/* 4037 incomplete public/assets/oscu/* 4038 incomplete
public/images/ |  4039 complete update settings_stage.json 4325 complete
update settings_prod.json 4040 complete lib/allConstants/constants.js 4041
complete client/views/disclosure/disclosureslist.html 4042 complete
client/views/disclosure/disclosureslist.js 4043 complete
client/views/enrollment/eStatement/enrollPreferences.js 4044 complete
private/assets/oscu/* 4045 complete public/assets/oscu/* 4046 complete
public/images/ |

Same tag as Stage

|

hypercube Jenkins jobs

4302 complete hypercube-pr-01 4303 complete hypercube-pr-02 4304 complete
hypercube-pr-03 4305 complete hypercube-pr-04  
Processing UI|

 **oscu.conf**

|  **Removed**|  512 complete processing.step.1=afp 569 complete
processing.step.2=insert_range 513 complete processing.step.3=enotice 4186
complete afp.compression=true 4055 complete doc.acctNumAsLoginId=true 4056
complete enotice.createAccount=true 4057 complete entoice.compression=true 514
complete insert configurations  
---|---  
Added|  515 complete global.dlb=enotice 516 complete
global.enotice.desc=E-Notices 517 complete global.nullDsoTime=true 4058
complete global.acctNumAsLoginId=false 4187 complete doc.compression=true 518
complete doc.enotice.createAccount=true 4334 complete
doc.enotice.automatedEmailNotification=true 4335 complete
email.enotice.needApproval=false 4188 complete
notification.isSendEmailViaAPI=true 4189 complete
notification.isEmailManageByEstmt=false  
Updated|  520 complete processing.step.1=doc 554 complete
processing.step.2=etax  
  
**application/document/registrars**

4244 complete AfpRegistrar 4245 complete EnoticeRegistrar

**application/email/EmailHandlerFactory**

Methods:

4224 complete getEstmtEmailHandler 4225 complete getEnoticeEmailHandler 4226
complete getEtaxEmailHandler

**oscu.conf**

|  **Removed**|  4059 complete processing.step.1=afp 4060 complete
processing.step.2=insert_range 4061 complete processing.step.3=enotice 4190
complete afp.compression=true 4062 complete doc.acctNumAsLoginId=true 4063
complete enotice.createAccount=true 4064 complete entoice.compression=true
4065 complete insert configurations  
---|---  
Added|  4066 complete global.dlb=enotice 4067 complete
global.enotice.desc=E-Notices 4068 complete global.nullDsoTime=true 4069
complete global.acctNumAsLoginId=false 4191 complete doc.compression=true 4070
complete doc.enotice.createAccount=true 4336 complete
doc.enotice.automatedEmailNotification=true 4337 complete
email.enotice.needApproval=false 4192 complete
notification.isSendEmailViaAPI=true 4193 complete
notification.isEmailManageByEstmt=false  
Updated|  4071 complete processing.step.1=doc 4072 complete
processing.step.2=etax  
  
**application/document/registrars**

4246 complete AfpRegistrar 4247 complete EnoticeRegistrar

**application/email/EmailHandlerFactory**

Methods:

4227 complete getEstmtEmailHandler 4228 complete getEnoticeEmailHandler 4229
complete getEtaxEmailHandler

**oscu.conf**

|  **Removed**|  4073 complete processing.step.1=afp 4074 complete
processing.step.3=enotice 4075 complete processing.step.4=insert_range 4194
complete afp.compression=true 4076 complete doc.acctNumAsLoginId=true 4077
complete enotice.createAccount=true 4078 complete entoice.compression=true
4079 complete insert configurations  
---|---  
Added|  4080 complete global.dlb=enotice 4081 complete
global.enotice.desc=E-Notices 4082 complete global.nullDsoTime=true 4083
complete global.acctNumAsLoginId=false 4195 complete doc.compression=true 4084
complete doc.enotice.createAccount=true 4338 complete
doc.enotice.automatedEmailNotification=true 4339 complete
email.enotice.needApproval=false 4196 complete
notification.isSendEmailViaAPI=true 4197 complete
notification.isEmailManageByEstmt=false  
Updated|  4085 complete processing.step.1=doc 4086 complete
processing.step.2=etax  
  
**application/document/registrars**

4248 complete AfpRegistrar 4249 complete EnoticeRegistrar

**application/email/EmailHandlerFactory**

Methods:

4230 complete getEstmtEmailHandler 4231 complete getEnoticeEmailHandler 4232
complete getEtaxEmailHandler

**oscu.conf**

|  **Removed**|  4087 complete processing.step.1=afp 4088 complete
processing.step.3=enotice 4089 complete processing.step.4=insert_range 4198
complete afp.compression=true 4090 complete doc.acctNumAsLoginId=true 4091
complete enotice.createAccount=true 4092 complete entoice.compression=true
4093 complete insert configurations  
---|---  
Added|  4094 complete global.dlb=enotice 4095 complete
global.enotice.desc=E-Notices 4096 complete global.nullDsoTime=true 4097
complete global.acctNumAsLoginId=false 4199 complete doc.compression=true 4098
complete doc.enotice.createAccount=true 4340 complete
doc.enotice.automatedEmailNotification=true 4341 complete
email.enotice.needApproval=false 4200 complete
notification.isSendEmailViaAPI=true 4201 complete
notification.isEmailManageByEstmt=false  
Updated|  4099 complete processing.step.1=doc 4100 complete
processing.step.2=etax  
  
**application/document/registrars**

4250 complete AfpRegistrar 4251 complete EnoticeRegistrar

**application/email/EmailHandlerFactory**

Methods:

4233 complete getEstmtEmailHandler 4234 complete getEnoticeEmailHandler 4235
complete getEtaxEmailHandler 429 complete Build hypercube prodcution-Conf
scheduler job 4306 complete Deploy PUI  
etc|

 **InfoSERVICE**

381 complete Enable SSO For this client

**NotifyService**

4207 incomplete Add oscu.passpharase

**MongoDB**

382 complete Update DV_ClientProterties to add statement type and their
archival periods

_**Data Migration**_

4101 complete USR_SESSION migration sql 4102 complete Update status of all
accounts to 'A'. sql 4103 complete USR_MAPPING migration sql 4104 complete
NOTIFICATION_PREFERENCE migration sql 4105 incomplete CONTACT_INFO records
deletion sql

  

4260 complete Insert doc_desc for statements 4279 complete

Insert doc_desc for enotice

sql

  

|

 **InfoSERVICE**

358 complete Enable SSO For this client

**NotifyService**

4208 complete Add oscu.passpharase

**MongoDB**

359 complete Update PT_ClientProterties to add statement type and their
archival periods

_**Data Migration**_

4150 complete USR_SESSION migration sql 4151 complete Update status of all
accounts to 'A'. sql 4152 complete USR_MAPPING migration sql 4153 complete
NOTIFICATION_PREFERENCE migration sql 4154 incomplete CONTACT_INFO records
deletion sql

  

4262 complete Insert doc_desc for statements 4263 complete

Insert doc_desc for enotice

sql

  

|

 **InfoSERVICE**

4111 complete Enable SSO For this client

**NotifyService**

4209 complete Add oscu.passpharase

**MongoDB**

4112 complete Update ST_ClientProterties to add statement type and their
archival periods

_**Data Migration**_

4155 complete USR_SESSION migration sql 4156 complete Update status of all
accounts to 'A'. sql 4157 complete USR_MAPPING migration sql 4158 complete
NOTIFICATION_PREFERENCE migration sql 4159 incomplete CONTACT_INFO records
deletion sql

  

4264 complete Insert doc_desc for statements 4265 complete

Insert doc_desc for enotice

sql

  

|

 **InfoSERVICE**

4118 complete Enable SSO For this client

**NotifyService**

4210 complete Add oscu.passpharase

**MongoDB**

4119 complete Update PN_ClientProterties to add statement type and their
archival periods

|

_InfoSERVICE   Jenkins Job_

4307 complete infoservice_ca_hypercube-pr-01 4308 complete
infoservice_ca_hypercube-pr-02 4309 complete infoservice_ca_hypercube-pr-03
4310 complete infoservice_ca_hypercube-pr-04 4311 complete
infoservice_ca_infotrac-pr-01 4312 complete infoservice_ca_infotrac-pr-02

_NotifySERVICE Jenkins Job_

4313 complete notifyservice_ca_infotrac-pr-01 4314 complete
notifyservice_ca_infotrac-pr-02 4315 complete notifyservice_ca-apipui-pr-01
4316 complete notifyservice_ca-apipui-pr-02 4317 complete notifyservice_ca-
apipui-pr-03 4318 complete notifyservice_ca-apipui-pr-04 4319 complete
notifyservice_ca-inforeach-pr-01 4320 complete notifyservice_ca-inforeach-
pr-02

_Prism_

434 complete Remove prism server.xml 435 complete Remove prism i3webapp/oscu
436 complete Remove work/Catalina/oscu.infoimageinc.com

_**Data Migration**_

4165 complete USR_SESSION migration sql 4166 complete Update status of all
accounts to 'A'. sql 4167 complete USR_MAPPING migration sql 4168 complete
NOTIFICATION_PREFERENCE migration sql 4169 incomplete CONTACT_INFO records
deletion sql 4321 complete Insert doc_desc for statements sql 4322 complete
Insert doc_desc for enotic sql

  
  
  
infotrac|  
|  
|  4275 incomplete Create Role 4276 incomplete Admin User Migration Script
4277 complete Create Template |  
|  425 incomplete Create Role 4211 incomplete Admin User Migration Script 4323
complete Create Template  
  
  


