title: ISD-6214 - PUI - eNotice to create default paperless stmt_type
body: # General -  **All fields must be filled out**

CID| Global  
---|---  
TeamSupport #|  
  
Title| PUI - eNotice to create default paperless stmt_type  
Requested By|  
  
Date Started|

  
  
Pilot Date|

  
  
Release Date|  
  
Tag #|  
  
Type| Bug Fix |  **Release**  | Other  
Developer|

  
  
Witness|

  
  
  

  
| Dev| Pilot| Staging| Production| Deployment  
---|---|---|---|---|---  
Processing UI|  173 complete document/registrars/EnoticeRegistrar.java 174
complete enotice/registrars/DefaultENoticeRegistrar.java 175 complete
enotice/registrars/DefaultENoticeRegistrar2.java 176 complete
enotice/registrars/DefaultENotice2Registrar.java 177 complete
enotice/registrars/DefaultENotice3Registrar.java 178 complete
enotice/registrars/DefaultENotice4Registrar.java 179 complete
enotice/registrars/FcsbENoticeRegistrar.java 201 incomplete
enotice/registrars/GecuENoticeRegistrar.java 180 complete
enotice/registrars/HypercubeENoticeRegistrar.java 181 complete
enotice/registrars/OwbbENoticeRegistrar.java 182 complete
enotice/registrars/RaboENoticeRegistrar.java 183 complete
enotice/registrars/SnfbENoticeRegistrar.java 184 complete
enotice/registrars/WtcuENoticeRegistrar.java |  133 complete
document/registrars/EnoticeRegistrar.java 134 complete
enotice/registrars/DefaultENoticeRegistrar.java 135 complete
enotice/registrars/DefaultENoticeRegistrar2.java 136 complete
enotice/registrars/DefaultENotice2Registrar.java 137 complete
enotice/registrars/DefaultENotice3Registrar.java 138 complete
enotice/registrars/DefaultENotice4Registrar.java 139 complete
enotice/registrars/FcsbENoticeRegistrar.java 202 incomplete
enotice/registrars/GecuENoticeRegistrar.java 140 complete
enotice/registrars/HypercubeENoticeRegistrar.java 141 complete
enotice/registrars/OwbbENoticeRegistrar.java 142 complete
enotice/registrars/RaboENoticeRegistrar.java 143 complete
enotice/registrars/SnfbENoticeRegistrar.java 144 complete
enotice/registrars/WtcuENoticeRegistrar.java |  145 complete
document/registrars/EnoticeRegistrar.java 146 complete
enotice/registrars/DefaultENoticeRegistrar.java 147 complete
enotice/registrars/DefaultENoticeRegistrar2.java 148 complete
enotice/registrars/DefaultENotice2Registrar.java 149 complete
enotice/registrars/DefaultENotice3Registrar.java 150 complete
enotice/registrars/DefaultENotice4Registrar.java 151 complete
enotice/registrars/FcsbENoticeRegistrar.java 203 complete
enotice/registrars/GecuENoticeRegistrar.java 152 complete
enotice/registrars/HypercubeENoticeRegistrar.java 154 complete
enotice/registrars/RaboENoticeRegistrar.java 155 complete
enotice/registrars/SnfbENoticeRegistrar.java 156 complete
enotice/registrars/WtcuENoticeRegistrar.java |  157 incomplete
document/registrars/EnoticeRegistrar.java 158 incomplete
enotice/registrars/DefaultENoticeRegistrar.java 159 incomplete
enotice/registrars/DefaultENoticeRegistrar2.java 160 incomplete
enotice/registrars/DefaultENotice2Registrar.java 161 incomplete
enotice/registrars/DefaultENotice3Registrar.java 162 incomplete
enotice/registrars/DefaultENotice4Registrar.java 163 incomplete
enotice/registrars/FcsbENoticeRegistrar.java 204 incomplete
enotice/registrars/GecuENoticeRegistrar.java 164 incomplete
enotice/registrars/HypercubeENoticeRegistrar.java 165 incomplete
enotice/registrars/OwbbENoticeRegistrar.java 166 incomplete
enotice/registrars/RaboENoticeRegistrar.java 167 incomplete
enotice/registrars/SnfbENoticeRegistrar.java 168 incomplete
enotice/registrars/WtcuENoticeRegistrar.java |  169 complete Dev 170 complete
Pilot 171 complete Stage 172 incomplete Production  
  
  


