title: ISD-5802 - Multi-Threading for Email Processing Job
body: # General - **All fields must be filled out**

CID| N/A  
---|---  
TeamSupport #| N/A  
Title| PUI - Multi-Threading for Email Processing Job  
Requested By| Internal  
Date Started|

  
  
Pilot Date|

  
  
Release Date|

  
  
Tag #|  
  
Type| Bug Fix | **Release** | Other  
Developer|  
Witness|  
  
  
  

Method return type is changed for the followings:

com.infoimage.io.FileSystem  
  \--public static ArrayList<StorageServer> getServers(String storage)  
  ++public static List<StorageServer> getServers(String storage)  
  
com.infoimage.io.StorageServersDao  
  \--public static synchronized HashMap<String, ArrayList<StorageServer>>
initialStorageSystem()  
  ++public static synchronized Map<String, List<StorageServer>>
initialStorageSystem()

  

  

  
| Development| Pilot| Staging| Production (Commit)| Production (Release)  
---|---|---|---|---|---  
Hypercube|  
|  
|  
|  
|  
  
i3-core  
com.infoimage|  556 complete email.Email.java 557 complete
financial.document.DocDesc.java 558 complete
financial.document.WrapperService.java 559 complete
financial.notification.NotificationPreference.java 560 complete
io.FileSystem.java 561 complete io.StorageServer.java 562 complete
io.StorageServersDao.java |  563 complete email.Email.java 564 complete
financial.document.DocDesc.java 565 complete
financial.document.WrapperService.java 566 complete
financial.notification.NotificationPreference.java 567 complete
io.FileSystem.java 568 complete io.StorageServer.java 569 complete
io.StorageServersDao.java |  570 complete email.Email.java 571 complete
financial.document.DocDesc.java 572 complete
financial.document.WrapperService.java 573 complete
financial.notification.NotificationPreference.java 574 complete
io.FileSystem.java 575 complete io.StorageServer.java 576 complete
io.StorageServersDao.java |  577 complete email.Email.java 578 complete
financial.document.DocDesc.java 579 complete
financial.document.WrapperService.java 580 complete
financial.notification.NotificationPreference.java 581 complete
io.FileSystem.java 582 complete io.StorageServer.java 583 complete
io.StorageServersDao.java |  584 complete email.Email.java 585 complete
financial.document.DocDesc.java 586 complete
financial.document.WrapperService.java 587 complete
financial.notification.NotificationPreference.java 588 complete
io.FileSystem.java 589 complete io.StorageServer.java 590 complete
io.StorageServersDao.java  
processing-ui  
com.infoimage.processing|  591 complete application.afp.Afp2PdfConverter 592
complete application.email.handler.document.NotifyPrefEmailRecipient 593
complete application.email.handler.estmt.EStmtEmailRecipient4 594 complete
application.email.handler.estmt.EStmtNotifyPrefEmailRecipient 595 complete
application.email.APIEmailRecipient 596 complete
application.email.EmailFileHandler 597 complete
application.email.EmailThreadPoolExecutor 598 complete
application.email.ProcessingJob 599 complete common.CopyZipUtil 600 complete
common.JobStatus 601 complete server.Command 602 complete
server.DefaultProcessingContext 603 complete server.ProcessingContext 604
complete server.ValidationProcessingContext  (Dev env only) 605 complete
web.WebProcessingContext |  606 complete application.afp.Afp2PdfConverter 607
complete application.email.handler.document.NotifyPrefEmailRecipient 608
complete application.email.handler.estmt.EStmtEmailRecipient4 609 complete
application.email.handler.estmt.EStmtNotifyPrefEmailRecipient 610 complete
application.email.APIEmailRecipient 611 complete
application.email.EmailFileHandler 612 complete
application.email.EmailThreadPoolExecutor 613 complete
application.email.ProcessingJob 614 complete common.CopyZipUtil 615 complete
common.JobStatus 616 complete server.Command 617 complete
server.DefaultProcessingContext 618 complete server.ProcessingContext 619
complete web.WebProcessingContext |  620 complete
application.afp.Afp2PdfConverter 621 complete
application.email.handler.document.NotifyPrefEmailRecipient 622 complete
application.email.handler.estmt.EStmtEmailRecipient4 623 complete
application.email.handler.estmt.EStmtNotifyPrefEmailRecipient 624 complete
application.email.APIEmailRecipient 625 complete
application.email.EmailFileHandler 626 complete
application.email.EmailThreadPoolExecutor 627 complete
application.email.ProcessingJob 628 complete common.CopyZipUtil 629 complete
common.JobStatus 630 complete server.Command 631 complete
server.DefaultProcessingContext 632 complete server.ProcessingContext 633
complete web.WebProcessingContext |  634 complete
application.afp.Afp2PdfConverter 635 complete
application.email.handler.document.NotifyPrefEmailRecipient 636 complete
application.email.handler.estmt.EStmtEmailRecipient4 637 complete
application.email.handler.estmt.EStmtNotifyPrefEmailRecipient 638 complete
application.email.APIEmailRecipient 639 complete
application.email.EmailFileHandler 640 complete
application.email.EmailThreadPoolExecutor 641 complete
application.email.ProcessingJob 642 complete common.CopyZipUtil 643 complete
common.JobStatus 644 complete server.Command 645 complete
server.DefaultProcessingContext 646 complete server.ProcessingContext 647
complete web.WebProcessingContext |  648 complete
application.afp.Afp2PdfConverter 649 complete
application.email.handler.document.NotifyPrefEmailRecipient 650 complete
application.email.handler.estmt.EStmtEmailRecipient4 651 complete
application.email.handler.estmt.EStmtNotifyPrefEmailRecipient 652 complete
application.email.APIEmailRecipient 653 complete
application.email.EmailFileHandler 654 complete
application.email.EmailThreadPoolExecutor 655 complete
application.email.ProcessingJob 656 complete common.CopyZipUtil 657 complete
common.JobStatus 658 complete server.Command 659 complete
server.DefaultProcessingContext 660 complete server.ProcessingContext 661
complete web.WebProcessingContext  
  
  


