title: ISD-5044-MVCU Migration
body: # General - **All fields must be filled out**

CID| MVCU  
---|---  
TeamSupport #|  
  
Title| MVCU  Migration  
Requested By| MVCU  
Date Started|

  
  
Pilot Date|

  
  
Release Date|  
  
Tag #|  
  
Type| Release  
Developer|  
  
Witness|  
  
  

  
| Development| Pilot| Staging| Production (Commit)| Production (Release)  
---|---|---|---|---|---  
Hypercube|  328 complete update settings_dev.json 329 complete
lib/allConstants/constants.js 330 complete private/assets/mvcu/* 331 complete
public/assets/mvcu/* |  1099 complete update settings_pilot.json 1100 complete
lib/allConstants/constants.js 1101 complete private/assets/mvcu/* 1102
complete public/assets/mvcu/* |  1103 incomplete update settings_stage.json
1104 incomplete lib/allConstants/constants.js 1105 incomplete
private/assets/mvcu/* 1106 incomplete public/assets/mvcu/* |  1107 incomplete
update settings_prod.json 1108 incomplete lib/allConstants/constants.js 1109
incomplete private/assets/mvcu/* 1110 incomplete public/assets/mvcu/* |  
  
Processing UI|

mvcu.conf

1111 complete processing.step.1=doc 1112 complete doc.compression=false 1113
complete doc.isZipped=true 1114 complete doc.copyZipBuffer=65536 1115 complete
doc.storage.path=a 1116 complete doc.heloc.automatedEmailNotification=true
1117 complete doc.mortgage.automatedEmailNotification=true

  

1118 complete **ETaxRegistrarFactory.java:** Changed MVCU etax registrar to
HypercubeEtaxRegistrar. |

mvcu.conf

1119 complete processing.step.1=doc 1120 complete doc.compression=false 1121
complete doc.isZipped=true 1122 complete doc.copyZipBuffer=65536 1123 complete
doc.storage.path=a 1124 complete doc.heloc.automatedEmailNotification=true
1125 complete doc.mortgage.automatedEmailNotification=true

  

1126 complete **ETaxRegistrarFactory.java:**  Changed MVCU etax registrar to
HypercubeEtaxRegistrar. |

mvcu.conf

1127 incomplete processing.step.1=doc 1128 incomplete doc.compression=false
1129 incomplete doc.isZipped=true 1130 incomplete doc.copyZipBuffer=65536 1131
incomplete doc.storage.path=a 1132 incomplete
doc.heloc.automatedEmailNotification=true 1133 incomplete
doc.mortgage.automatedEmailNotification=true

  

1134 incomplete **ETaxRegistrarFactory.java:**  Changed MVCU etax registrar to
HypercubeEtaxRegistrar. |

mvcu.conf

1135 incomplete processing.step.1=doc 1136 incomplete doc.compression=false
1137 incomplete doc.isZipped=true 1138 incomplete doc.copyZipBuffer=65536 1139
incomplete doc.storage.path=a 1140 incomplete
doc.heloc.automatedEmailNotification=true 1141 incomplete
doc.mortgage.automatedEmailNotification=true

  

1142 incomplete **ETaxRegistrarFactory.java:  **Changed MVCU etax registrar to
HypercubeEtaxRegistrar. |  
  
infotrac|  1143 complete Infotrac setup |  1144 complete Infotrac setup |
1145 incomplete Infotrac setup |  1146 incomplete Infotrac setup |  
  
etc|  
|  
|  
|  
|  
  
  
  


