title: ISD-3703 - OSCU - Hypercube Migration (RN)
body: # General - **All fields must be filled out**

CID| OSCU  
---|---  
Status |

YellowDRAFT  
  
TeamSupport #| 15085  
Title| OSCU - Hypercube Migration  
Requested By|  
  
Date Started|

  
  
Pilot Date|

  
  
Release Date|

  
  
Tag #|  
  
Type| Bug Fix | **Release** | Other  
Developer|  
  
Witness|

  
  
  

  
| Development| Pilot| Staging| Production (Commit)| Production (Release)  
---|---|---|---|---|---  
Hypercube|  4027 complete update settings_dev.json 4028 complete
lib/allConstants/constants.js 386 complete
client/views/disclosure/disclosureslist.html 387 complete
client/views/disclosure/disclosureslist.js 401 complete
client/views/enrollment/eStatement/enrollPreferences.js 4029 complete
private/assets/oscu/* 4030 complete public/assets/oscu/* 374 complete
public/images/ |  4031 complete update settings_pilot.json 4032 complete
lib/allConstants/constants.js 4033 complete
client/views/disclosure/disclosureslist.html 4034 complete
client/views/disclosure/disclosureslist.js 4035 complete
client/views/enrollment/eStatement/enrollPreferences.js 4036 complete
private/assets/oscu/* 4037 complete public/assets/oscu/* 4038 complete
public/images/ |  4039 incomplete update settings_stage.json 4040 incomplete
lib/allConstants/constants.js 4041 incomplete
client/views/disclosure/disclosureslist.html 4042 incomplete
client/views/disclosure/disclosureslist.js 4043 incomplete
client/views/enrollment/eStatement/enrollPreferences.js 4044 incomplete
private/assets/oscu/* 4045 incomplete public/assets/oscu/* 4046 incomplete
public/images/ |  4047 incomplete update settings_stage.json 4048 incomplete
lib/allConstants/constants.js 4049 incomplete
client/views/disclosure/disclosureslist.html 4050 incomplete
client/views/disclosure/disclosureslist.js 4051 incomplete
client/views/enrollment/eStatement/enrollPreferences.js 4052 incomplete
private/assets/oscu/* 4053 incomplete public/assets/oscu/* 4054 incomplete
public/images/ |  428 incomplete Build hypercube Jenkins jobs  
Processing UI|

oscu.conf

|  **Removed**|  512 complete processing.step.1=afp 569 complete
processing.step.2=insert_range 513 complete processing.step.3=enotice 4055
complete doc.acctNumAsLoginId=true 4056 complete enotice.createAccount=true
4057 complete entoice.compression=true 514 complete insert configurations  
---|---  
Added|  515 complete global.en1=enotice 516 complete
global.enotice.desc=E-Notices 517 complete global.nullDsoTime=true 4058
complete global.acctNumAsLoginId=false 518 complete
doc.enotice.createAccount=true  
Updated|  520 complete processing.step.1=doc 554 complete
processing.step.2=etax  
  
  

oscu.conf

|  **Removed**|  4059 complete processing.step.1=afp 4060 complete
processing.step.2=insert_range 4061 complete processing.step.3=enotice 4062
complete doc.acctNumAsLoginId=true 4063 complete enotice.createAccount=true
4064 complete entoice.compression=true 4065 complete insert configurations  
---|---  
Added|  4066 complete global.en1=enotice 4067 complete
global.enotice.desc=E-Notices 4068 complete global.nullDsoTime=true 4069
complete global.acctNumAsLoginId=false 4070 complete
doc.enotice.createAccount=true  
Updated|  4071 complete processing.step.1=doc 4072 complete
processing.step.2=etax  
  
  

oscu.conf

|  **Removed**|  4073 incomplete processing.step.1=afp 4074 incomplete
processing.step.3=enotice 4075 incomplete processing.step.4=insert_range 4076
incomplete doc.acctNumAsLoginId=true 4077 incomplete
enotice.createAccount=true 4078 incomplete entoice.compression=true 4079
incomplete insert configurations  
---|---  
Added|  4080 incomplete global.en1=enotice 4081 incomplete
global.enotice.desc=E-Notices 4082 incomplete global.nullDsoTime=true 4083
incomplete global.acctNumAsLoginId=false 4084 incomplete
doc.enotice.createAccount=true  
Updated|  4085 incomplete processing.step.1=doc 4086 incomplete
processing.step.2=etax  
  
  

oscu.conf

|  **Removed**|  4087 incomplete processing.step.1=afp 4088 incomplete
processing.step.3=enotice 4089 incomplete processing.step.4=insert_range 4090
incomplete doc.acctNumAsLoginId=true 4091 incomplete
enotice.createAccount=true 4092 incomplete entoice.compression=true 4093
incomplete insert configurations  
---|---  
Added|  4094 incomplete global.en1=enotice 4095 incomplete
global.enotice.desc=E-Notices 4096 incomplete global.nullDsoTime=true 4097
incomplete global.acctNumAsLoginId=false 4098 incomplete
doc.enotice.createAccount=true  
Updated|  4099 incomplete processing.step.1=doc 4100 incomplete
processing.step.2=etax  
  
  

429 incomplete Build hypercube prodcution-Conf scheduler job  
etc|

 **InfoSERVICE**

381 complete Enable SSO For this client

**MongoDB**

382 complete Update DV_ClientProterties to add statement type and their
archival periods

_**Data Migration**_

4101 complete USR_SESSION migration sql 4102 complete Update status of all
accounts to 'A'. sql 4103 complete USR_MAPPING migration sql 4104 complete
NOTIFICATION_PREFERENCE migration sql 4105 incomplete CONTACT_INFO records
deletion sql

  

|

 **InfoSERVICE**

358 complete Enable SSO For this client

**MongoDB**

359 complete Update PT_ClientProterties to add statement type and their
archival periods

_**Data Migration**_

4150 complete USR_SESSION migration sql 4151 complete Update status of all
accounts to 'A'. sql 4152 complete USR_MAPPING migration sql 4153 complete
NOTIFICATION_PREFERENCE migration sql 4154 incomplete CONTACT_INFO records
deletion sql

  

|

 **InfoSERVICE**

4111 incomplete Enable SSO For this client

**MongoDB**

4112 incomplete Update ST_ClientProterties to add statement type and their
archival periods

_**Data Migration**_

4155 incomplete USR_SESSION migration sql 4156 incomplete Update status of all
accounts to 'A'. sql 4157 incomplete USR_MAPPING migration sql 4158 incomplete
NOTIFICATION_PREFERENCE migration sql 4159 incomplete CONTACT_INFO records
deletion sql

  

|

 **InfoSERVICE**

4118 incomplete Enable SSO For this client

**MongoDB**

4119 incomplete Update PN_ClientProterties to add statement type and their
archival periods

_**Data Migration**_

4160 incomplete USR_SESSION migration sql 4161 incomplete Update status of all
accounts to 'A'. sql 4162 incomplete USR_MAPPING migration sql 4163 incomplete
NOTIFICATION_PREFERENCE migration sql 4164 incomplete CONTACT_INFO records
deletion sql

  

|

433 incomplete InfoSERVICE Config Jenkins Job 434 incomplete Remove prism
server.xml 435 incomplete Remove prism i3webapp/spcu 436 incomplete Remove
work/[spcu.infoimageinc.com](http://spcu.infoimageinc.com)

_**Data Migration**_

4165 incomplete USR_SESSION migration sql 4166 incomplete Update status of all
accounts to 'A'. sql 4167 incomplete USR_MAPPING migration sql 4168 incomplete
NOTIFICATION_PREFERENCE migration sql 4169 incomplete CONTACT_INFO records
deletion sql

  
  
  
infotrac|  
|  
|  
|  425 incomplete Create Admin User 427 incomplete Create Template |  
  
  
  


