title: ISD - 3497 INHS - Backup Logic Update
body: # General - **All fields must be filled out**

CID| Global  
---|---  
TeamSupport #|  
  
Title| INHS - Backup Logic Update  
Requested By|  
  
Date Started| 14 Dec 2020  
Pilot Date| 23 Dec 2020  
Release Date|  
  
Tag #|  
  
Type|  **Bug Fix** | Release | Other  
Developer|  
  
Witness|  
  
  
  

Dev| Pilot| Staging| Deploy to Prod  
---|---|---|---  
  
 **PUI Backend**

 **SVN** : svn+<ssh://ca-utils-
pr-01.infoimageinc.com/srv/is_svn/trunk/processing-ui>

 **Package** : com/infoimage/processing/common/

 **Files** :

136 complete BackupHelper.java 137 complete JobStatus.java

**Package:**  com/infoimage/processing/application/

 **Files** :

138 complete afp/ProcessingJob.java 139 complete
aiuserprocessing/ProcessingJob.java 140 complete auth/ProcessingJob.java 141
complete auth/ProcessingJob2.java 263 complete
authorization/ProcessingJob.java 142 complete check/ProcessingJob.java 143
complete check/ProcessingJob3.java 144 complete
close_account/ProcessingJob.java 145 complete confirm_mail/ProcessingJob.java
146 complete confirm_mail/ProcessingUspsJob.java 147 complete
direct_enrollment/ProcessingJob.java 148 complete
direct_notification/ProcessingJob.java 149 complete
document/ProcessingJob.java 150 complete ecl/ProcessingJob.java 151 complete
enotice/ProcessingJob.java 152 complete enotice/ProcessingJob2.java 153
complete enotice/ProcessingJob3.java 154 complete enotice/ProcessingJob4.java
155 complete esignature/ProcessingJob.java 156 complete
estmt_notification/ProcessingJob.java 157 complete eTax/ProcessingJob.java 158
complete idMap/ProcessingJob.java 159 complete insert/ProcessingJob.java 264
complete nickname/ProcessingJob.java 160 complete paperless/ProcessingJob.java
161 complete payebill/ProcessingJob.java 162 complete pdf/ProcessingJob.java
163 complete permission/ProcessingJob.java 164 complete
promo_notification/ProcessingJob.java 165 complete proofing/ProcessingJob.java
166 complete purge_account/ProcessingJob.java 167 complete
queued_command/ProcessingJob.java 168 complete report/ProcessingJob.java 169
complete revert_to_paper/ProcessingJob.java 170 complete
sample/ProcessingJob.java 171 complete search_index/ProcessingJob.java 172
complete selective_email/ProcessingJob.java 173 complete
xml/ProcessingJob.java |

**PUI Backend**

 **SVN:**  svn+<ssh://ca-utils-
pr-01.infoimageinc.com/srv/is_svn/branches/pilot/processing-ui>

 **Package** : com/infoimage/processing/common/

 **Files** :

175 complete BackupHelper.java 176 complete JobStatus.java

**Package:**  com/infoimage/processing/application/

 **Files** :

177 complete afp/ProcessingJob.java 178 complete
aiuserprocessing/ProcessingJob.java 179 complete auth/ProcessingJob.java 180
complete auth/ProcessingJob2.java 265 complete
authorization/ProcessingJob.java 181 complete check/ProcessingJob.java 182
complete check/ProcessingJob3.java 183 complete
close_account/ProcessingJob.java 184 complete confirm_mail/ProcessingJob.java
185 complete confirm_mail/ProcessingUspsJob.java 186 complete
direct_enrollment/ProcessingJob.java 187 complete
direct_notification/ProcessingJob.java 188 complete
document/ProcessingJob.java 189 complete ecl/ProcessingJob.java 190 complete
enotice/ProcessingJob.java 191 complete enotice/ProcessingJob2.java 192
complete enotice/ProcessingJob3.java 193 complete enotice/ProcessingJob4.java
194 complete esignature/ProcessingJob.java 195 complete
estmt_notification/ProcessingJob.java 196 complete eTax/ProcessingJob.java 197
complete idMap/ProcessingJob.java 198 complete insert/ProcessingJob.java 266
complete nickname/ProcessingJob.java 199 complete paperless/ProcessingJob.java
200 complete payebill/ProcessingJob.java 201 complete pdf/ProcessingJob.java
202 complete permission/ProcessingJob.java 203 complete
promo_notification/ProcessingJob.java 204 complete proofing/ProcessingJob.java
205 complete purge_account/ProcessingJob.java 206 complete
queued_command/ProcessingJob.java 207 complete report/ProcessingJob.java 208
complete revert_to_paper/ProcessingJob.java 209 complete
sample/ProcessingJob.java 210 complete search_index/ProcessingJob.java 211
complete selective_email/ProcessingJob.java 212 complete
xml/ProcessingJob.java |

**PUI Backend**

 **SVN:**  svn+[ssh://ca-utils-
pr-01.infoimageinc.com/srv/is_svn/branches/staging/processing-ui](ssh://ca-
utils-pr-01.infoimageinc.com/srv/is_svn/branches/pilot/processing-ui)

 **Package** : com/infoimage/processing/common/

 **Files** :

213 complete BackupHelper.java 214 complete JobStatus.java

**Package:**  com/infoimage/processing/application/

 **Files** :

215 complete afp/ProcessingJob.java 216 complete
aiuserprocessing/ProcessingJob.java 217 complete auth/ProcessingJob.java 218
complete auth/ProcessingJob2.java 267 complete
authorization/ProcessingJob.java 219 complete check/ProcessingJob.java 220
complete check/ProcessingJob3.java 221 complete
close_account/ProcessingJob.java 222 complete confirm_mail/ProcessingJob.java
223 complete confirm_mail/ProcessingUspsJob.java 224 complete
direct_enrollment/ProcessingJob.java 225 complete
direct_notification/ProcessingJob.java 226 complete
document/ProcessingJob.java 227 complete ecl/ProcessingJob.java 228 complete
enotice/ProcessingJob.java 229 complete enotice/ProcessingJob2.java 230
complete enotice/ProcessingJob3.java 231 complete enotice/ProcessingJob4.java
232 complete esignature/ProcessingJob.java 233 complete
estmt_notification/ProcessingJob.java 234 complete eTax/ProcessingJob.java 235
complete idMap/ProcessingJob.java 236 complete insert/ProcessingJob.java 268
complete nickname/ProcessingJob.java 237 complete paperless/ProcessingJob.java
238 complete payebill/ProcessingJob.java 239 complete pdf/ProcessingJob.java
240 complete permission/ProcessingJob.java 241 complete
promo_notification/ProcessingJob.java 242 complete proofing/ProcessingJob.java
243 complete purge_account/ProcessingJob.java 244 incomplete
queued_command/ProcessingJob.java  **[ _Not present in Stage_ ]** 245
incomplete report/ProcessingJob.java  **[ _Not present in Stage_ ]** 246
complete revert_to_paper/ProcessingJob.java 247 complete
sample/ProcessingJob.java 248 complete search_index/ProcessingJob.java 249
complete selective_email/ProcessingJob.java 250 complete
xml/ProcessingJob.java |

**PUI Backend**

 **Package** : com/infoimage/processing/common/

 **Files** :

309 complete BackupHelper.java 310 complete JobStatus.java

**Package:**  com/infoimage/processing/application/

 **Files** :

311 complete afp/ProcessingJob.java 312 complete
aiuserprocessing/ProcessingJob.java 313 complete auth/ProcessingJob.java 314
complete auth/ProcessingJob2.java 315 complete
authorization/ProcessingJob.java 316 complete check/ProcessingJob.java 317
complete check/ProcessingJob3.java 318 complete
close_account/ProcessingJob.java 319 complete confirm_mail/ProcessingJob.java
320 complete confirm_mail/ProcessingUspsJob.java 321 complete
direct_enrollment/ProcessingJob.java 322 complete
direct_notification/ProcessingJob.java 323 complete
document/ProcessingJob.java 324 complete ecl/ProcessingJob.java 325 complete
enotice/ProcessingJob.java 326 complete enotice/ProcessingJob2.java 327
complete enotice/ProcessingJob3.java 328 complete enotice/ProcessingJob4.java
329 complete esignature/ProcessingJob.java 330 complete
estmt_notification/ProcessingJob.java 331 complete eTax/ProcessingJob.java 332
complete idMap/ProcessingJob.java 333 complete insert/ProcessingJob.java 334
complete nickname/ProcessingJob.java 335 complete paperless/ProcessingJob.java
336 complete payebill/ProcessingJob.java 337 incomplete pdf/ProcessingJob.java
338 complete permission/ProcessingJob.java 339 complete
promo_notification/ProcessingJob.java 340 complete proofing/ProcessingJob.java
341 complete purge_account/ProcessingJob.java 342 incomplete
queued_command/ProcessingJob.java 343 incomplete report/ProcessingJob.java 344
complete revert_to_paper/ProcessingJob.java 345 complete
sample/ProcessingJob.java 346 complete search_index/ProcessingJob.java 347
incomplete selective_email/ProcessingJob.java 348 complete
xml/ProcessingJob.java  
  
|  
|  
|  
  
  
  

  

  

  

  

  

  


