title: ISD - Addressing Fixed-Date Fixed-Scope Deadlines
body: The historical issues with fixed-date fixed-scope deadlines are the reasons
for which Agile arise. This document will provide a temporary plan to address
fixed-date fixed-scope deadlines for the ISD team. It is important to
understand that working with fixed-date and fixed-scope deadlines
simultaneously will counteract the benefits of Scrum.

# Conditions

  1. The entire Product Backlog is given a rough estimate in story points.
    1. It may be a good idea to use Epics
  2. The entire Product Backlog is ordered by when each item was scheduled. 
    1. Sometimes, an item would need to be "rescheduled" and moved up or down the Product Backlog. 
  3. A fixed Sprint length is determined. This length should not change during the lifecycle of the project without recalculating Sprint capacity and adjusting release schedules.

# Calculating Release Date for a Project During Planning

  1. A velocity is calculated based on the team's past performance. 
    1. This is in story points / Sprint.
  2. A fudge factor for uncertainty is applied. This is commonly 0.6 for new teams or for projects with large cones of uncertainty during initial project planning. Fudge factors are inherently variable and can be adjusted to fit currently-available knowledge about the problem domain, the team, and available resources.
  3. A planning velocity is calculated

lightgray

estimated velocity * fudge factor

  

  4. The number of Sprints for a release is calculated

lightgray

 _E_ /  _v_ =  _S_

    1.  _E_ = aggregate estimate of all PBIs (Product Backlog Items) for the project
    2.  _v_ = planning velocity
    3.  _S_ = estimated Sprints until all PBIs are completed

  5. The  _S  _value can be turned back into a time estimate by multiplying Sprints by the length of the Sprints in weeks or months

lightgray

 _S * l_

    1.  _S_ = estimated Sprints until all PBIs are completed
    2.  _l_ = length of a Sprint
  6. Considering the current PBIs in the Backlog, a start date and release date can be estimated.

# Examples

Let's say we have a total backlog of 200 story points, and plan to use a one-
week Sprint length. The team's historical velocity is 20. However, because the
team is newly adopting Scrum, we will assume a fudge value of 0.6. This means
that the planning velocity is 12 and all Backlog items are expected to be
finished in 200 / 12 = 17 Sprints or weeks.

Now, a new project is being planned and is estimated to be worth 40 points.
The estimated number to complete this project will be 40 / 12 = 4 weeks. The
start date will then be 17 weeks from now, and the release date will be 21
weeks from now.

Let's consider another project that is worth 20 points that is also a project
for which the Scrum Team has a lot of experience with. We can alter the fudge
value for this project to 1. The calculation will 20 / 20 = 1 week. The start
date will then be 17 weeks from now, and the release date will be 18 weeks
from now. Of course, if we were to plan this after having planned the 40 point
project, the start date would approximately be 21 weeks from now and the
release date would be 22 weeks from now.

After the two previous examples, we have a backlog of 260 points which are
expected to be finished in about 22 weeks. If there are four projects being
planned that are all worth 5 points each, and have a fudge factor of 1, these
four projects would be scheduled to start 22 weeks from now and be released 23
weeks from now.


