title: ISD Interview Questions
body: # Company Fit

* * *

  1. What gets you excited about coming to work
  2. What surprises people about you
  3. When was the last time you made a big mistake at work?
  4. How could a manager best support you?
  5. How do you handle stress or tight deadlines?
  6. What 3 things do you need to succeed in your position
  7. How motivates you to do your best work?
  8. Describe a situation when you had to tell a coworker or client "No."
  9. How do you prefer to communicate with coworkers?
  10. What most appeals to you about this role?
  11. How will this role challenge you?
  12. How do you give/respond to critiques?
  13. How do you manage conflict with coworkers?
  14. When is the last time you took a risk professionally?
  15. How do you stay organized?
  16. What would be your ideal work schedule?
  17. Why did you choose to apply here?
  18. Describe a time when you exceeded people's expectations.

# General Project Mgmt

* * *

  1. Give an example of a time your team got stuck How did you resolve it?
  2. Give an example of a time you were working on multiple or parallel projects. How did you manage your resources and time?
  3. Describe a project you initiated. How did you do it? Was this project in your regular line of work, or was it something that was not expected of you.
  4. Describe a time when you couldn't meet a deadline. How did you communicate this to your (manager, peers)? What did you learn from this experience?
  5. Describe a time you disagreed with a team recommendation. What did you do, and how?
  6. What do you do if escalating is not an option?
  7. How would you handle a role with quite a bit of ambiguity/lack of infrastructure? How would your first week / month / 6 months look like to get acclimated.
  8. What's your personal style when it comes to working with cross-functional teams?
  9. How do you go about starting a project?
  10. How would you prioritize product development when you have two important thing to do but can only do one?
  11. How do you define a good user interface?
  12. How would you explain technical challenges to market-oriented team?
  13. How do you decide what to build and what not to build?
  14. How do you define a well-designed product?

# Business Analyst

* * *

  1. How do you start a project?
  2. How familiar are you with SQL queries?
  3. Tell me a time when you had to persuade someone to accept your decision?
  4. Describe tool you have used or tool that you know that are helpful for business analysis?
  5. Can you explain the key roles and responsibilities of a business analyst?
  6. Why do you want to work as a business analyst?
  7. How can you say that a requirement is good or complete?

# System Engineer

* * *

  1. How do you manage system configuration?
  2. Are you familiar with virtualization and containerization?
  3. If a website is slow, how do you troubleshoot the problem?  Describe your approach step-by-step.
  4. What test would you run to ensure that an application runs smoothly?
  5. Did you ever create a plan for disaster recovery?
  6. How do you stay on tope of the latest system engineering technologies?

  

  

  

# SQL Questions

* * *

  1. What is a primary key?

  

Answers

A primary key is a combination of fields that uniquely specify a row. This is
a special kind of unique key, and it has implicit NOT NULL constraint. It
means, Primary key values cannot be NULL

  

  2. What is a unique key?

  

Answers

A unique key constraint uniquely identifies each record in the database. This
provides uniqueness for the column or set of columns.

A primary key constraint has automatic unique constraint defined on it. But
not, in the case of Unique Key.

There can be many unique constraint defined per table, but only one Primary
key constraint defined per table.

  

  3. What is a foreign key?

  

Answers

A foreign key is one table that can be related to the primary key of another
table. The relationship needs to be created between two tables by referencing
foreign keys with the primary key of another table.

  

  4. What is a join?

  

Answers

This is a keyword used to query data from more tables based on the
relationship between the fields on the tables. Keys play a major role when
JOINs are used.

  

  5. What is an inner/right/left/full join? and what's the difference between them.

  

Answers

Inner join - returns rows when there is at least one match of rows between the
tables

Right join - returns rows that are common between the tables and all rows of
the right-hand side table. In other words, it returns all rows from the right-
hand side table even though there are no matches in the left-hand side table.

Left join - returns rows that are common between the tables and all rows of
the left-hand side table. In other words, it returns all rows from the left-
hand side table even though there are no matches in the right-hand side table.

Full join - returns rows where there are matching rows in any one of the
tables. In other words, it returns all the rows from the left-hand side table
and all the rows from the right-hand side table.

  

  

# Technical Questions

* * *

  1. Explain when you would use a hashtable, arraylist, vector, and hashmap.

  

Answers

Hashmap - Used with key-value pair. Works with keys that are not sorted and
needed to search through the keys. Doesn't allow duplicate keys. Not
synchronized, cannot be used in non thread-safe environment. Allows null key
and value.

Hashtable - Almost same as Hashmap except it's synchronized, so can be used in
non thread-safe environment and it does not allows null key or value.

Arraylist - Stores one object per element. The objects are sorted. Searching
through element is slow, but search by index is O(1). Not sychronized. It
allows duplicate values.

Vector - Simliar to Arraylist. Synchronized. Slower than Arraylist.

  

  2. Can you define methods or variables in JSP? If so, how?

  

Answers

  

  

  3. Can we use template or generic types in Java? If so, how?

  

Answers

  

  

  4. Suppose we have two sorted arrays A[] of m elements and B[] of n elements. Write a method which would merge this two arrays into new sorted array C[] in O(n) time as shown on the picture:

  

Array A:

A| C| J| L| V| Z  
---|---|---|---|---|---  
  
  

Array B:

B| D| E| G| L| P| R| T| W| Y  
---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---  
  
  

Resulting Array:

A| B| C| D| E| G| J| L| L| P| R| T| V| W| Y| Z  
---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---  
  
  

Answers

  

  

  5. Explain the steps needed to use a JSP custom tab?

  

Answers

  

  

  6. What is the relationship between JSP and a servlet?

  

Answers

  

  

  7. Given the following method: 

java1true

What will be returned after calling testMethod()?

  

Answers

  

  

  8. Illustrate, through code, the different ways in which you would redirect a request to "/home.jsp"?

  

Answers

  

  

  9. Assume that we have a database table name, TESTTABLE with the following characteristics:

  

true

Write in java code for a method that returns both the name and the
"lastmoddate" fields given the "id" as an input parameter.

  

Answers

  

  

  10. Write the code for a server that will listen for requests on port 8888. It will send back the "Hello and Welcome" reply to the client. Also write the client code to send a request to the server and print out the server's reply to standard output.

  

Answers

  

  

  11. What is the difference between method overriding and overloading?

  

AnswersMethod overriding is implementing a method with the same name and
parameters as a method in the parent class.  Method overloading is
implementing a method with the same name as another method, but with different
parameters.

  

  12. What does "Finally" do?  Will it go there if the try catch have return?

  

Answers

  

  


