title: ISD - 3737 OSCU - Hypercube Migration - eStatement Site
body: # General -  **All fields must be filled out**

CID| OSCU  
---|---  
TeamSupport #|  
  
Title|

OSCU - Hypercube Migration - eStatement Site  
  
Requested By|  
  
Date Started|  
  
Pilot Date|  
  
Release Date|  
  
Tag #|  
  
Type| Release  
Developer|  
  
Witness|  
  
  

  
| Pilot| Staging| Production (Commit)| Production (Release)  
---|---|---|---|---  
Hypercube|  4027 complete update settings_dev.json 4028 complete
lib/allConstants/constants.js 386 complete
client/views/disclosure/disclosureslist.html 387 complete
client/views/disclosure/disclosureslist.js 401 complete
client/views/enrollment/eStatement/enrollPreferences.js 4029 complete
private/assets/oscu/* 4030 complete public/assets/oscu/* 411 complete
public/images/ |  4039 complete update settings_stage.json 4325 complete
update settings_prod.json 4040 complete lib/allConstants/constants.js 4041
complete client/views/disclosure/disclosureslist.html 4042 complete
client/views/disclosure/disclosureslist.js 4043 complete
client/views/enrollment/eStatement/enrollPreferences.js 4044 complete
private/assets/oscu/* 4045 complete public/assets/oscu/* 4046 complete
public/images/ | Same tag as Stage|

Hypercube Jenkins jobs

4302 complete hypercube-pr-01 4303 complete hypercube-pr-02 4304 complete
hypercube-pr-03 4305 complete hypercube-pr-04  
InfoSERVICE|  377 complete Enable SSO For this client |  412 complete Enable
SSO For this client |  413 complete Enable SSO For this client |

_InfoSERVICE   Jenkins Job_

4307 complete infoservice_ca_hypercube-pr-01 4308 complete
infoservice_ca_hypercube-pr-02 4309 complete infoservice_ca_hypercube-pr-03
4310 complete infoservice_ca_hypercube-pr-04 4311 complete
infoservice_ca_infotrac-pr-01 4312 complete infoservice_ca_infotrac-pr-02  
NotifySERVICE|  414 complete Add oscu.passpharase |  415 complete Add
oscu.passpharase |  416 complete Add oscu.passpharase |

_NotifySERVICE Jenkins Job_

4313 complete notifyservice_ca_infotrac-pr-01 4314 complete
notifyservice_ca_infotrac-pr-02 4315 complete notifyservice_ca-apipui-pr-01
4316 complete notifyservice_ca-apipui-pr-02 4317 complete notifyservice_ca-
apipui-pr-03 4318 complete notifyservice_ca-apipui-pr-04 4319 complete
notifyservice_ca-inforeach-pr-01 4320 complete notifyservice_ca-inforeach-
pr-02  
MongoDB|  378 complete Update PT_ClientProterties to add statement type and
their archival periods |  379 complete Update ST_ClientProterties to add
statement type and their archival periods |  417 complete Update
PN_ClientProterties to add statement type and their archival periods |  
  
  
  

  


