title: Job Tracking  Requirement Document
body: # ****

# **Process Stages of Jobs**

Depending on the stage in which the job is at, users will be able to view the
jobs or use the icons associate to them. The table below describes how each
stage of a job is associated to the actions and states.

  

 **STATE**

|

 **STATE_DESCRIPTION**

|

 **UI BEHAVIOR**  
  
---|---|---  
  
 **Submitted**

|

Job submitted to IndexFileProcessor

|

 **Job hidden from all users**  
  
 **Failed**

|

Database file upload failed

|

 **Job hidden from all users**  
  
 **Internal_pending**

|

This stage comes before a job can be released. Only members of the Internal
team will be able to view the job

|

Job shown to internal team with **Release** and **Reject** buttons.  Show
**Delete** button for **Tax** jobs and internal team only.  
  
 **Released**

|

Internal team released the job

|

Job shown to all users with **Approve** and **Disapprove** buttons.

Show **Delete** button for **Tax** job and internal team only.  
  
 **Rejected**

|

Internal team rejected the job

|

 **Job hidden from all users**  
  
 **Customer_pending**

|

Customer approval/disapproval pending

|

Job shown to all users with **Approve** and **Disapprove** buttons.

Show **Delete** button for **Tax** job and internal team only.  
  
 **Approved**

|

Customer approved the job

|

Job shown to all users with job approved (Time, Date and Person).  Show
**Delete** button for **Tax** job and internal team only.  
  
 **Disapproved**

|

Customer disapproved the job

|

Job shown  to all users with job disapproved (Time, Date and Person). Show
**Delete** button for **Tax** job and internal team only.  
  
 **Delete**

|

(This icon is only availed for  tax accounts)

Tax-Jobs deleted

|

 **Job hidden from all users**  
  
 **Proof File Submitted/Full File Submitted**

|

Job submitted to IndexFileProcessor

|  

 **\---**  
  
  

#  **All**

  

The default page of the Job-Status tab, this sub-feature displays all jobs
(Paper/eStatement) and their related details as shown below:

  

  *  ** **Types of Statuses:****

  

Running- the job is still on process. This means either one or both the
paper/eStatement job is still running

Done- the job is completed. This means both the print & eStatement job is done

Early Drop- each job has a Drop date. If a job is completed before its drop
date, it goes to this state.

Late- the job has not been completed on due date

Approved-when the user clicks on  the status icon immediately changes to  with
the time and details displayed in the extended section.

  *  **Files Received** : This column simply indicates the date, time and amount of files of the job that has been received
  * Job Number: The 5 digit numbers on this column indicates the serial number of the job.
  *  **Application ID** : Types of job/statuses. Some application ids (such as tax) have features related to them.

  

## Number of Files (hyperlink)

Indicating the total number of files received, clicking on this hyperlink will
take the user to the Files Received page shown below:

## Extend

Clicking on this icon will extend the detail of the job namely- its 1) Paper
and 2) eStatement details.

  

  * Scheduled drop date- the date at which the job is scheduled to dropped 

  

  * Actual Drop Date- the date at which the job has actually been dropped 

  

  * Number of Accounts- total amount of accounts in the job

  

  * Number of Pages/Number of Images- pages/images in each job

  

  * Number of Images/Number of emails- images/ emails in each job

## CSV

Clicking on this icon downloads a csv file with additional job details.

##  Job Details

 **1** If extended tracking has been permitted to FI, its admin will have to
separately give access to submodules to its lower members. The submodules are:

  * Access account List Details
  * Access Full Detail Job Tracking
  * Access Statement PDFs

FI user can access  "Job Details" (paper job) page in Infotrac UI ONLY IF that
user has permission to "Access to Full Detail JobTracking" and user's FI (or
client) have the Job Tracking Levels 2 or 3, that user:

  
  

**2** For Root Users, the Job Details (paper job) page can be accessed in
infotrac UI if Job Tracking level is 1.

 **3** For FI users, to see the statement (pdf) in Job Details (paper & e-job)
page, the FI must have Job Tracking Level 3.

  

Clicking on  icon the user will be directed to the Job Details page displayed
below:

 **Accounts (Hyperlink):** clicking on Total hyperlink will produce a table in
wit details as shown below:

  * Letter type- displayed in code of each letter type comprising the job
  * Amount- a clickable hyperlink, this will produce a table below listing all the Account and its details

PDF- clicking on this icon takes the user to the corresponding account
statement pdf.

Camera Images- clicking on this displays a pop-up

  

  * Job Type- first class/ presort/ non-mail/ non-print

  

###  **Divert Feature**

In this feature user can select specific documents that won't be mailed and
displayed on the UI to the member. The Divert Check-box will only appear for
jobs that are released. The screenshot above shows how the column of jobs will
display for the divert feature.

**Paper Jobs** : When the check-box under the divert column  is ticked and the
button is clicked, the pop-up message below is displayed:

Checked documents will not be shown in the UI for member or email/mail it to
him/her. As the submit button is clicked a pop-up message will be displayed
with the selected list of diverted documents.

 **Actions:**

Shred the document:selecting this action will remove parts of the pdf(s)

Send back to the bank-selecting this will send the document back to the bank
as suggested

 **Remove-**  User can remove any document s/he wishes not to divert.

 **Sample pdf** \- this will show the sample of the pdf to be diverted

 **Approve-** approving the job will  refresh the page and display a **divert
report**  button as shown below:

Clicking on will display list of documents  that have been approved to be
diverted in the job, as shown below:

  

                        

                          **                         **

 **                                                     EStatement Job**
**Paper Job**

  

Once a job is Approved, the status of that job in the summary page changes to
Approved; the "approve" icon will not appear in the page , however the
following text will display in the respective column:

 **Disapprove-** as the name suggests, the job will not be approved to be
diverted and hence there will be no "Divert Report" at the top of the page as
the page is refreshed.

  

 **Estatement Jobs** \- When the  button is clicked the following pop-up is
displayed

The workflows of the actions are same as mentioned above for Paper Jobs.

  

Proofing Sample (PDF)

A sample statement of the job, selecting this will download a pdf to the
user's computer.

  

Search by account: available for any application id, this field helps user to
search for any job using the account number (both like & exact match)

  

Search by SSN (only for Tax jobs): provided the job is of the Tax category,
the user can search for the job by providing SSN of the client user

  
  

##  Delivery Information

Selecting this icon will take the user to the Delivery Information page as
shown below:

  * Pending: depicting the pending job yet to be delivered, this information is shown in percentage and total amount in a table as displayed above in the figure.

  

  * In Transit: indicates the jobs yet to emerge from the mailing office

  

  * <3 Days: indicates the statements which will take less than 3 days to be delivered

  

  * 3-5 Days: indicates the statements which will take 3-5 days to be delivered

  

  * >5 Days: indicates the statements which will take greater than 5 days to be delivered

  

  * Exception Mail: exception mail is the last USPS transaction data, for which, after 'X' number of days the mail piece was not received. If the operation code of 'delivery' was not received, then these mail pieces are considered 'Exception Mail'.

  

  * Total Volume: net total mails 

##  Geographic Delivery Information

Selecting this icon will display the delivery location of the globe as shown
below:

Each of the clickable hyperlinks will produce a table below listing the
corresponding jobs.

## Online Proofing

###  **Release**

Permission to this particular icon is only given to the internal team. Only
after "Releasing" a job will the cid/client user be able to view it and
approve/disapprove it.

### **Reject**

Rejecting a job will remove the job from the list and not show again to any
user.

###  **Approve**

Selecting this icon will turn the job from "running" to "done" status provided
it was on the scheduled drop date.

###  **Disapprove**

Disapproving a job will remove the job from the list and out of view

###  **Delete**

This particular option is only available for Tax accounts. Selecting this will
remove the job from the list.

  
  

#  **Paper**

Clicking on this sub-module will take the user to the following page:

  

Depending on the state of each job, the user will be see various action icon
as discussed in the [All](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1mLAOX-
Bndc6dFZRmLPXXTGUqfml_yfaUZ_WrQy6XMnI/edit#heading=h.2s9l7medgv2a) section

  

## Export

Selecting this icon will download a CSV file in the user's device list all the
details in shown in the list above.

#  **eStatement**

Clicking on this sub-module will take the user to the following page:

## Job Details

When  is clicked, the user will be directed to the Job Details page. Selecting
any of the Account hyperlinks will produce a table below displaying more
details of the job. For the eStatement module, the table will only consist of
the PDF icon.

It should also be noted that eStatement module does not consist  Delivery
Information, Geographic Delivery Information, View Camera Image

#  **Email Reminder**

The Email Reminder is a feature of the Job tracking Module that only activates
if the user/client has Alert Subscription turned on for all notifications.
This feature allows users to be notified if there is any change in the status
of any job. The reminder needs to be scheduled (Client Settings). There are 2
separate notification scheduler for eJobs and pJobsas shown below in separate
images.

 **Electronic job Email Reminder Scheduler**

  

  

 **Print job Email Reminder Scheduler**

  
  

Once a job is released, the scheduler checks for release of electronics and
paper jobs, fetches the job and app ID and finally an email is sent to the
user informing about the change. The reminder will send notifications for 20
days (configurable) should the user not check the job.


