title: July 2021 Release
body:   

  

  

  

  

  

  

**RELEASE: 24 July 2021**

#  **InfoTRAC**

  

  * ### Required Property/Config Change List:

  * ###  **Wiki page links:**

  * ### Change Log **:**

    * jQuery version update to 3.6.0 from 1.*.*/2.*.*/3.*.*

    * PDF header added
    * Acct mgmt v2 release
  * Inoftrac Queries updates for this release

  

        INSERT INTO FEATURE_DEFINITION (CODE, NAME, CREATED_TIME, TYPE) VALUES ('acctMgmtV1', 'Account Management V1', TO_DATE('2021-07-09 00:00:00', 'YYYY-MM-DD HH24:MI:SS'), null ); 

        INSERT INTO FEATURE_DEFINITION (CODE, NAME, CREATED_TIME,TYPE) VALUES ('infoDocsV2', 'Account Management V2', TO_DATE('2021-07-14 00:00:00', 'YYYY-MM-DD HH24:MI:SS'),null );

        INSERT INTO FEATURE_DEFINITION (CODE, NAME, CREATED_TIME, parent_code,TYPE) VALUES ('acsInfoDocsV2', 'Access Account Management V2', TO_DATE('2021-07-14 00:00:00', 'YYYY-MM-DD HH24:MI:SS'), 'infoDocsV2',null );

  

Account management v2 developed home page shows drop down to search. This
search criteria needs new properties to be added on client feature settings
page. We have a script developed that will do this one time job.

Also need have script that will insert new features per cid in database for
account management v1 and v2.

Script to run queries into database. The script is set to add
accountSearchCriteria property into Account Management Property JSON

<https://gitlab.infoimageinc.com/dsi-pd/database-query-runner>

  

 **Servers to deploy**

19 incomplete ca-infotrac-pr-01 20 incomplete ca-infotrac-pr-02

# **Notifyservice**

If total number of notification is less than or equal to 200 (which is
configurable) then change notification failed threshold to 50%

  * ### Required Property/Config Change List:

    *         notification.job.failed.throttle.ignore.on.notification.count = 200

  * ###  **Wiki page links:**

  * ### Change Log **:**

    * Notification failed threshold change to 50% on certain number of notification count

  

 **servers to deploy**

21 incomplete ca-infotrac-pr-01 22 incomplete ca-infotrac-pr-02 23 incomplete
ca-apipui-pr-01 24 incomplete ca-apipui-pr-02 25 incomplete ca-apipui-pr-03 26
incomplete ca-apipui-pr-04 27 incomplete ca-inforeach-pr-01 28 incomplete ca-
inforeach-pr-02

# **INFOSERVICE**

There are no changes in the API specification for infoservice. Everything is
automatically generated. The workflow is below:

  * Gets the statementType from ESD_DOC table from Oracle
  * Gets the client properties from mongodb properties collection
  * From properties collection infoservice get the actual name for the statementType we got from step 1
  * infoservice get the closing date from oracle in respective table for the requested document (ie. ESD_DOC, ETAX, ENotice)
  * infoservice passes the titleDocType as a query param for the value we get from step 3 and titleDate param for the value we get in step 4 while calling wrapperservice 

For proofing statement tab title and statement title, show Application ID as
value. Don't need to append date for this. If this is not  there, hard code
value as 'Sample' instead of 'Proofing'.

  

Previously, for get document API, a temporary PDF was generated in tomcat temp
folder but now this folder will be generated in the predefined location which
can be provided through property file.

Added npLinkType both support, Made the npLinkType optional parameter and
default value is byUfa and Added email attachment password into json into
notificationpreference andpoint.

  

  * ### Required Property/Config Change List:

    *         document.encryption.temp.location=/tmp/

  * ###  **Wiki page links:**

  * ### Change Log **:**

    * PDF title change

    * Temporary PDF location change for get pdf/document API

  

 **servers to deploy**

29 incomplete ca-hypercube-pr-01 30 incomplete ca-hypercube-pr-02 31
incomplete ca-hypercube-pr-03 32 incomplete ca-hypercube-pr-04 33 incomplete
ca-infotrac-pr-01 34 incomplete ca-infotrac-pr-02

  

**WRAPPER SERVICE  
**

PDF title: wrapperservice has 2 optional query parameter, titleDate &
titleDocType.

  1. If we don't pass any of the 2 params, it just checks the stmtType and use that for the pdf title
  2. If we pass titleDate only, then pdf title will be stmtType along with the date

  

  * ### Required Property/Config Change List:

    *         NA

  * ###  **Wiki page links:**

  * ### Change Log **:  **

    * 2 optional query parameter, titleDate & titleDocType.

  

 **servers to deploy**

35 incomplete ca-wrapper-pr-01 36 incomplete ca-wrapper-pr-02

# **NGINX**

  

Hypercube & InfoTRAC reverse PROXY configuration with NGINX

  

  *  **Wiki Page Links**

    * Workflow on Nginx as a reverse PROXY <https://confluence.infoimageinc.com/x/DYMXBg>
    * Installing / Configuring / Docker image creation with NGINX source and configuring 3rd party Modules <https://confluence.infoimageinc.com/x/foMXBg>
    * Comparison between older Nginx with newer Nginx <https://confluence.infoimageinc.com/x/pIMXBg>
  *  **Change Log**
    * upstream check module integration with Nginx for healthcheck
    * Nginx version 1.19.0 with ubuntu 20.04
    * Nginx deploy with Docker

  

#  **INDEX FILE PROCESSOR (Discussion is going on. If Anil confirm us then we
will deploy the application on 24th July)**

ActiveMQ integration with index file processor. Release branch
indexfileprocessor_v1.02_20210724

  

  * ### Required Property/Config Change List:

 **  
**

text

  

  *  **Wiki Page Links**

    * Previous Implementation and their limitations and current implementation and their advantages:  
  *  **Change Log**
    * activemq integration
  *  ** **Newly Added  **dependencies**

    
    
    <dependency>  
       <groupId>org.springframework</groupId>  
       <artifactId>spring-jms</artifactId>  
       <version>4.0.2.RELEASE</version>  
    </dependency>  
      
    <dependency>  
       <groupId>org.apache.activemq</groupId>  
       <artifactId>activemq-all</artifactId>  
       <version>5.1.0</version>  
    </dependency>  
    

Note: We have to update the configuration file for failed job. Currently we
are using pr-01 but it should be the common one(proxy).

  

#  **USPS SCAN SERVICE**

ActiveMQ integration with usps scan service. Release branch
uspsscanservice_v1.02_20210724

  

  *  **Required Property/Config Change List**

  

text

  

  

  *  **Wiki page links**
    * Implementation Details: 
  *  **Change log**
    * activemq integration
  *  **Newly Added  dependencies**

    
    
    <dependency>  
       <groupId>org.springframework.boot</groupId>  
       <artifactId>spring-boot-starter-activemq</artifactId>  
    </dependency>  
      
    

 **Servers to deploy**

37 incomplete ca-jobtrack-pr-01 38 incomplete ca-jobtrack-pr-02

NOTE: ca-jobtrack-pr-02 is not mounted for FTPBU or download. We have to mount
those path before deployment because after MQ implementation both instances
will use those path.

    
    
      
    

  

  

#  **PRISM**

  * Completed removal of Spring/Hibernate configurations used for eSafetyBox and eSignature. Server restart time are now:  

    1. Default: 2 minutes 23 seconds
    2. Bank: 1 minute 10 seconds
    3. CU:  2 minutes 20 seconds

  

  

Drop here!

  

  

Drop here!

  

  

Drop here!

  

  

Drop here!

  

  

Drop here!


