title: Message Manager
body: This is an overview on the current Message Manager system. The document will
explains some of the non-dynamic design that result in unexpected behaviors.

# What service does Message Manager provide?

For a particular statement cycle, the client may want to show ads for
Mortgages to standard customers, but Student Loans to students with the
assumption that it is more likely that students would think about getting a
student loan than a mortgage for a house. Traditionally, how this would be
done is that the client would send the Print team several lists of account
numbers, or other such identifying information, e.g. account number 123
belonging to a student will be in the student_list. The documents will then be
composed based on that data. Message Manager fulfills this need for different
messages based on customer-data-driven criterias. The tool allows the client
to provide InfoIMAGE with the message and applicable criterias for any given
statement all in a single frontend module.

# What does Message Manager do?

Message Manager configure the variable messages for particular message areas.
It does not actually configure the message areas themselves. The message areas
are statically defined per application. In Message Manager 3, up to two
message areas can be supported, and each message area can support two
different messages: one for the default case, and one that is criteria-driven.
In our example, the default would be the mortgage message, and the criteria-
driven would be the student loan, which would only show for students.

To clarify, Message Manager does not actually allow the client to define how
many message areas a statement should have, or where the messages will show
up. The client define the listed information beforehand, and those
determinations are coded into the Print program. They cannot be changed
dynamically. The only two things that are dynamic are: (1) the message that
will be placed into the message areas, and (2) the criterias that determine
which message will be placed. Once the client gets to the point of using
Message Manager, they are configuring what message to put into the pre-defined
message areas.

* * *

# User Workflow

This is how the client would use Message Manager.

## Before Using the Message Manager Module

  1. Define the number of message areas the application (statement) will have. 
  2. Define the type of message for each message area. 

## Using the Message Manager Module

  1. Create the campaign. A campaign is defined as the message configurations for a specific application within a date range. The campaign encodes the client's intention of "For this DDA application, between August 1, 2022 and September 1, 2022, default statements will be generated with a Mortgage ads image message, or, for students, a Student Loan ads image message."
  2. Set up the criterias that, when met, will trigger the Print program to apply the message.
  3. Provide the messages to be used in the message areas: images for image area and verbiage for text area. There is an option to have no content.
  4. Review the sample PDF.
  5. Approve the campaign for used in production.

* * *

# Technical Details

## Message Area Definition

The message areas are defined by the Print team per CID per application. For
example, DEMO Monthly (default) application will have two message areas vs
DEMO Escrow (escrow) application will have one message areas. The dimensions
and locations of these message areas are also defined by the Print team.

The   _Message Settings_ on InfoTRAC in client management is only a mirror of
these predefined configurations. These message settings are used to render the
UI in Message Manager.  **While the InfoTRAC settings should match with the
Print settings, the settings on InfoTRAC do not actually determine number of
messages possible for an application, the dimensions of the message, nor where
the messages are**. A behavior that may sometimes be observed when the
InfoTRAC settings are mismatched with the Print settings are that the PDF
samples will have the messages placed at different locations than what is
defined in the InfoTRAC settings.

The type of messages are also mostly static. There are two possible message
areas.

  * Message Area 1: This message area should always be at the top right corner on the first page, sharing the same horizontal space as the address. This message area can either be a graphic message or a text message, though, it is usually a graphic message.
  * Message Area 2: This message area should always be on the first page in the space just below the address and Message Area 1. This message must be a text message.

## Message Placement

All message placements are done by the Print scripts/programs with one
exception, which is the image for Message Area 1. Due to support for a
marketing link, an additional hyperlinked image is stamped ontop of the PDF
providing by the Print program. This is why it is important that the InfoTRAC
settings must match closely with the Print settings, otherwise the PDF will
have two overlapping messages, i.e. the stamped image does not completely
cover the printed image.

## Message Manager Preview

While using Message Manager, the user is able to generate previews. There are
two types of previews: Dynamic Sample and Approval Sample. Both samples are
provided by print scripts/programs. The scripts require some input, but will
also generate the PDF based on configurations from the Print team.
Aforementioned, the message locations are determined by the Print settings.
Additionally, whether the graphic image is colored or black-and-white is also
determined by the Print settings.

### Dynamic Sample

This is a per-image sample. The PDF is a combination of a pre-print, and a
message at a particular location, either Message Area 1 or Message Area 2; not
both.

The underlying script is  _dyn_sample_gen.sh  _(Usage: dyn_sample_gen.sh cid
app msgArea msgFile).

  * cid: the CID
  * app: the application, e.g. ms1
  * msgArea: integer for the area to place the message, which is either 1 or 2
  * msgFile: the file containing the message, either an image for a graphic message, or an IMP file, which is a text files that contains formatting information also

### Approval Sample

This is a full sample with all the possible Message Area together. This sample
assume that all the criterias, if any, are matched.

The underlying script is  _approve_sample_msgid.sh_ (Usage:
approve_sample_msgid.sh cid app messageCode|zipFile startDate endDate appName
msgAreaCount).

  * cid: the CID
  * app: the application, e.g. ms1
  * messageCode|zipFile: usually, it is "1|(zipFileName)". The messageCode of 1 denotes a successful call. What's more important is the zipFileName that provides the script with the zipFile that contains all the necessary data
  * startDate: the campaign startDate; this is used to format the PDF name
  * endDate: the campaign endDate; this is used to format the PDF name
  * appName: this is a legible name for the application, e.g. ms1 -> Monthly. 
  * msgAreaCount: this is the count of the total message areas. It should be either 1 or 2.

It is important to note again that the script is driven solely by the Print
settings. The values passed to the script are only auxiliary. For example, if
the Print settings define one message area, and two message areas are passed
to the script, it will fail. Similarly, if the Print settings define two
message areas, and only one message area is passed to the script, there will
be an error regarding a missing message area.

  


