title: MTCU frontend analysis
body: ## **ROOT:**

###  **ENrollment flow:**

  1. Disclosure 
  2. Estatement enroll preference (email / sms)
  3. If disagree then logout successfully.

###  **Menu:**

  1. Statements
  2. Disclosure
  3. User Options

  

###  **Page:**

  1.  **Estatement:**  

 **Statement type: Estatements**

Table contains 4 columns:

  1. Account number
  2. Statement date
  3. Status
  4. Monthly inserts

  

 **Statement type: eNotices**

Table contains 2 columns

  1. Account number
  2. Statement date

There is another table which has one column named **Archived eNotices**.

 **Statement type: ETax**

     

  1. **Disclosure:** Shows MTCU_Stmt.pdf

  

  1. **User Options:**  

         Contains a table with 3 column and 3 rows.

         Shows Member number, E-mail address and update button.

         Contains a link to change Notification preference from electronic to paper and vice versa.

 **Business logic:** **Unenroll if Delivery Preference is changed from
electronic to paper.**

  

 **MSM:**

 **Account management:**

  

  

  1. Search account by account number: 

    1. Can update paperless status.
    2. Can see user's paperless history status.
    3. Can update Notification preference.

      

        2.  Search account by email:

                  a. Can update paperless status.

                  b. Can see user's paperless history status.

                  c. Can update Notification preference.

 **  Email Proofing: **

 Types:

  1. eStatements
  2. eNotice
  3. eTax
  4. Reminder 1 (We do not support )
  5. Reminder 2 (We do not support )
  6. Welcome

 **Email Reminder:** All eStatement users will receive at most two email
reminders if they have any unviewed eStatement and haven't logged into
eStatements for a certain period of time. This page allows to set the time
period of the first email reminder and the second email reminder. **(We don 't
have the support for this feature)**

 **Upload inserts:** Marketing insert management (Upload Insert)

Take insert title, file, stmt type, method, closing date to upload inserts.

 **Marketing promo email:** **( Will this feature be in infotrac? Need
feedback)**

  

 **Reports:  **

 **(a) Latest stats:** This report shows the current month's statistics for
the Number of Statements Viewed/Unviewed, Number of Notifications Sent/Failed,
and Number of Email Reminders Sent.

Database packages and tables used:

(i) report_sel.estatement(?,?,?,?,?,?,?) [ table: p_job, p_job_email,
p_job_estmt, estmt_doc]

(ii) report_sel.reminder(?,?,?) [table: p_job, p_email_remainder]

(iii) report_sel.paperless(?,?,?,?) [table: paperless2, fin_account]

 **(b) User Login Activity:** This report shows how many users have logged
into eStatements during a specified time range, as well as showing peak
periods of user activity.

Database packages and tables used:

(i) Log_Report_Sel.cumulative_user(?, ?, ?, ?, ?) [ table: log_record,
organization, usr_session]

(ii) Log_Report_Sel.time_slots(?, ?, ?, ?, ?) [table: og_record, organization,
usr_session]

(ii) Log_Report_Sel.events_over_time(?, ?, ?) [table: og_record, organization,
usr_session]

 **(c) AI Login Activity:** This report shows how many authorized
administrator users (such as Account Service) have logged into the AI
(Administrative Interface) site.

 **(d) E-mail Address Collection:** Downloadable as a .TXT file, this report
lists all registered eStatement users, as well as their account numbers and
email addresses.

Database packages and tables used: [table: fin_account, usr_fin_account,
notification_preference]

 **(e) Paperless:** This report shows which users (and how many) have elected
to opt out of receiving paper statements. The report includes opt-in and opt-
out users by month, and can be downloaded in .TXT or Excel file format,
including account numbers.

Database packages and tables used: [table: fin_account, paperless]

 **(f) Email reminder:** This report shows the number of email reminders that
were sent each month. This report can be downloaded in .TXT or Excel file
format. You can also download a list of user names and account numbers of
users who received email reminders during a specified month.

 **(g) Marketing insert Report:** This report shows the number of times each
marketing insert was viewed. This report can be downloaded in .TXT or Excel
file format.

Database packages and tables used: [table: fin_account, usr_fin_account,
notification_preference]

 **Admin:** Used to change password. Also used to create/view/modify/remove
other users that have lower privileges. Only superuser and Admin Managers can
reset other users who are locked out.




