title: NGINX Comparison
body:   

  

**Nginx Old**

|

 **Nginx New**  
  
---|---  
  
Version: nginx/1.14.0

|

Version nginx/1.20.1  
  
No 3rd party modules integrated

|

3rd party modules

  1. Heartbeat check (Upstream check module)
  2. Web application Firewall (Modsecurity)
  3. Server Traffic Status (Nginx Module VTS )
  4. Docker image ready (Nginx deployment in new server is way simpler)

  
No dashboard|

Dashboard / html status page where you can find all the back-end server and
their status and active connection  
  
No firewall| Common Security threat handling with a firewall  
slower startup than latest version| faster startup  
  
  

Let's understand the 3rd party modules that been integrated with new nginx
more details:

  

##  **NGINX ModSecurity (Web Application Firewall)**

ModSecurity protect the back-end servers from common security threats like SQL
injection, DDoS attack etc and pass the good requests only to back-end server.

  

##  **NGINX  http_stub_status_module**

  

This configuration creates a simple web page with basic status data like
following screenshot

 **Active connections:  **The current number of active client connections
including Waiting connections.  
 **accepts:  **The total number of accepted client connections.  
 **handled:  **The total number of handled connections. Generally, the
parameter value is the same as accepts unless some resource limits have been
reached (for example, the worker_connections limit).  
 **requests:  **The total number of client requests.  
 **Reading:  **The current number of connections where nginx is reading the
request header.  
 **Writing:  **The current number of connections where nginx is writing the
response back to the client.  
 **Waiting:  **The current number of idle client connections waiting for a
request.

  

##  **NGINX Upstream Check Module**

  

Nginx upstream check module gives us a feature for calling the web application
**Heartbeat API.  **Which is a built in feature in Nginx Plus. But we're
achieving the same functionality with this 3rd party module.

  

This Module give us an endpoint to check the health status of upstream/back-
end servers with a HTML dashboard which looks something like this.

  

 ****

  

 **BUT, do we need to go 2 endpoint to get two different status?** Luckily we
don't need to do that. There is another Module called **NGINX VTS** Module
which gives us one end point where we can get all the status.

##  **Nginx stream server traffic status module**

Nginx stream server traffic status module. you an just go to /status of your
nginx server and get all the status, like active connect, upstream server
health information or total fail count with separate status code.

see the screenshot below

  

None of these above modules were integrated with Nginx earlier version. So, in
Nginx new version we're getting some important features like security, a nice
status dashboard and active health check functionality which are all NginxPlus
paid feature.

Also, this new nginx is docker ready. All the 3rd party modules are already
installed in the container. So, installing Nginx in a new server is fairly
simple, with just one **docker run** command.

  

  

  


