title: Notification Staggering
body:   

## Goal:

Suppose we have 10,000 notifications for a particular job. When this job is
triggered, 10,000 notifications will be sent one after another.Suppose, we
don't want to send 10,000 notifications at a time. So we can tell the API to
send a small chunk of notification (for instance 100 notification) at a time
with a given interval. Our new enhancement will take care of these types of
functionality.

## API parameters:

To achieve the above functionality, we have introduced 3 new **optional**
parameters in notificationservice.

    
    
    staggering (y/n default value is n)  
    staggeringLimit (chunk size of notification for a particular time)  
    staggeringHour (Interval time in hour)

staggering takes y or n which indicates whether the job is staggering enable
or not. staggeringLimit indicates how many notifications we want to send at a
time and staggeringHour indicates interval time between chunks of
notifications.

## Functionality:

If staggering value is n, then notifyservice will behave as it was but if we
provide y for staggering, the API will check staggeringLimit and
staggeringHour. If staggeringLimit is not provided then default value will be
taken from the property file. Same logic goes for staggeringHour.Suppose,
there is a staggering enable job where total notification count is 5000,
staggering limit is 1000 and staggering hour is 2 hours. When notifyservice
start to process this job, it will send 1000 notifications and wait for 2
hours and after 2 hours it will send next 1000 notifications. So 5000
notification will be sent with in 10 hours and each two hours, 1000
notification will be sent.

  

## Property:

The below property will be taken if the job is staggering enabled but
staggering limit or staggering hour is not provided through API call.

    
    
    #notification staggering  
    default.staggering.limit=1000  
    default.staggering.hour=5 


