title: onBase Documentation
body: **OnBase:**

If we configure infoconfig properties (vendorDetails under document section)
for a particular client then the document related data will come from a third
party API like onBase. And If there is no configuration for a document in
infoconfig, then the document related data will come from infoservice.

  

 **Requirement from Client:**

We need some properties from the client before configuring the onBase. The
properties are given below.

To call the API we need API-KEY and Base URL. For the onBase test environment,
API-KEY is 12345 and the base URL is [https://stmts-
test.thirdfederal.com/AppNet](https://stmts-test.thirdfederal.com/AppNet). So
we need to ask them for these two items.

To determine the type of documents they have to provide some parameters. For
onBase the below parameters are mandatory. I am attaching the doc which is
given by the onBase.

  1. Appl Code
  2. OnBase Keyword Type
  3. OnBase Custom Query

  

 **Infoconfig configuration:**

Here we will discuss how we will configure the infoconfig.

  

In the above picture,  vedorDetails section, we will select the services where
we want to put this configuration. For example, I have chosen infoservice.
Then we have to set the name of the third party service. In our case it will
be onBase.

  

After setting the third party vendor name, we have to set the parameters of
that vendor. In the above picture, We have set the vendor name, apiKeyName,
apiKeyValue, url and whether we want to merge the loan and statement or not.

  

  

In the above picture, we have to set the value against each applCode.

If the client is configured correctly, then when we call for documents,
infoservice will detect that the client is configured with onBase, then
infoservice will collect all the configuration using infoconfig and call the
third party API and generate the response for the caller.

  

 **Troubleshooting:**

For troubleshooting, we have to check the infoconfig first. Whether the
configuration is correct or not and whether the application receives the
configuration or not.

Then we have to pay attention to the infoservice log. We are generating the
log sequentially. As a result, logs will be very useful for troubleshooting.
And finally, we can make a CURL request to determine whether the third party
API is working or not.

  


