title: Other Configuration (Infotrac)
body: # OtherConfiguration

Following configuration are added in Infotrac:  
  

## Account Information (Delivery Preference Related):

 **EditDeliveryPreference**  : This is not a configuration. It's inside role
management of Infotrac. If this flag is enable than admin user can change
delivery preference otherwise can't.  
 **disableEditOnSSO : [true/false]:**  If true SSO user's delivery preference
can't be edited  
 **disableEditOnDSO :[true/false]:**  If true DSO user's delivery preference
can't be edited

 **restrictPaperlessEnrollment : [true/false]:**  If true user's delivery
preference can't be changed to paperless  
 **disableDPPaper2E4SSO: [true/false]:**  If true SSO user's delivery
preference can't be changed to paperless  
 **disableDPPaper2E4DSO: [true/false]:**  If true DSO user's delivery
preference can't be changed to paperless  
 **disableDP4UnknownSSODSO: [true/false]:**  If true unenrolled user's
delivery preference can't be edited

 **disableElectronicForUnenrollUser [true/false]:**  Electronic will not be
shown in the drop down to change delivery preference only if the user is
unenrolled (No DSO/SSO date).

 **bothAsDeliveryPreference [true/false]:**  Both will be always shown in the
drop down to change delivery preference.  
 **bothAsDeliveryPreferenceForUnenroll [true/false]:**  Both will be shown in
the drop down to change delivery preference only if the user is unenrolled (No
DSO/SSO date).  
  

## Notification Preference Related:

 **showNPRegardlessDP [true/false]** : If this flag is true Notification
Preference will be shown regardless delivery preference (even if delivery
preference is paper)  
  

## User Information Related:

 **hideDSOEnrollDate [true/false]** : If this flag is true user will not be
able to DSO Enrollment date.

## Email Notification Related:

 **enableSendSMSNotification [true/false]** : If true an email notification
will be sent to user when NP changed from Email to SMS. The template name
should be  **" NotificationChangeTemplate"** with type SMS  
 **enableSendEmailNotification [true/false]** : If true an email notification
will be sent to user when NP changed from SMS to Email. The template name
should be  **" NotificationChangeTemplate"** with type Email

[For Hypercube]:  
 **enableNotifPrefChangeNotification [true/false]** : If true an email
notification will be sent to user when NP changed from Email to SMS or SMS to
Email. The template name should be  **" NotificationChangeTemplate"**


