title: Password Reset
body: # **FAQ**

 **1.How many time I can reset my password?**

 **Ans:** You can reset your password as many time you want.But if you request
for resetting password and failed to reset **more than three times** within
**an hour** , your IP will be blocked for some time.You can retry after one
hour of your first failed attempt.

 **2.What is a failed password attempt?**

 **Ans :   **Password attempt will be considered as failed if-

  * You have entered wrong OTP.
  * You have received OTP/URL but you didn't use them before expiration.

 **3.For how long OTP/URL will be valid?**

 ****   **Ans:  **OTP and URL both will be valid for **5 minutes.** Then it
will be expired and you have to request for another OTP/URL.

 **4.How many time I can open the password reset URL?**

 **Ans:   **You can open it only one time. If you try to open an old URL which
was sent more than one hour ago or if you tried to generate URL randomly more
than 10 times within an hour you will be blocked for 1 hour and you won't be
able to open any password reset URL whether it's expired or not.

 **5.How many time I can submit a OTP?**

 **Ans :  **A OTP is valid for only one time.

 **6.Which criteria should I follow to enter a valid password?**

 **Ans:  **Your password must fulfill followings:

  * You can't use your last password.
  * Password cannot be less than 8 characters.
  * Password must contain at least 1 digit
  * Password must contain at least 1 lowercase alphabetic character.
  * Password must contain at least 1 uppercase alphabetic character.
  * Password must contain at least 1 special character.
  * Password cannot contain any spaces.

  

#  **PASSWORD RESET FLOW**

To update the user password, user has to click on the given link that says
"Click here to reset" on the user login page. See the below screenshot-

After that, user will be redirected to the next step to where he needs to
input the username and the corresponding email to get a link or otp via email.
See the following screenshot-

If any of the given inputs are is invalid user will see the following error
page.

  

If the system is unable to send the email for any reason user will see the
following error page.

If email is sent successfully, the user will see the following message.

By this time user should get a password reset link via email. By clicking on
that link user will be redirected to the following page-

  

Also if OTP is selected for reset user will receive a code via email and will
be redirected to the following page

  

If the password does not meet the validation criteria, user will see the
corresponding error messages

  

If user put wrong or expired security code then user will see the message.

  

  

If the password is updated successfully then user will see the confirmation.

  

If the password reset operation is failed. Then user will be informed.

If user has attempted more than three failed attempts within an hour, then
user won't be able to request for password reset URL. User can retry after one
hour of first failed attempt.

  

If user click an old URL which was sent more than one hour ago or randomly
tried to generate the URL more than 10 times within an hour. Then User will be
blocked for 1 hour and can't be able to open any password reset URL. This page
will be shown to the user.

  

  

  


