title: Proposal - Hypercube 2.0 Framework
body: **Technology Stack**

Server side : NodeJs (HapiJs Framework)  
\- Real time functionality : [Socket.io](http://Socket.io) (to communicate
from server to client)  
\- REST Service  
Client side : React  
\- State Manager : Redux

We are planning to develop a framework built on the mentioned technologies. In
this framework our goal is to handle each component properties based on a
provided UI graph. The UI graph will be populated based on the featurelist and
settings provided in InfoTRAC UI during client creation. The flow will be
similar to what we are doing in InfoReach. In the UI graph for each components
the attributes will hold styles, properties, actions and logics as well.

This json will be populated from a checklist UI in InfoTrac. So even if it
looks a little complex the client setup wont be much complicated.

 **Request Handling and Real Time Interaction**

For each request submitted to node will be handled by it's rest api call. And
every change in information from other applications will be handled in real
time by [Socket.io](http://Socket.io) and this will be triggered by an api
call made to our node service. Currently we do not have real time data update
feature in Hypercube 1.0 as there is no way to get the updated data from other
applications such as InfoTrac.

 **Multiple client support**

 **Public Files:**  
Public elements such as disclosure, css will be provided from InfoTrac client
creation module and no files will actually be stored. There are two reasons we
are planning to come out from the current in-project file placement.  
1\. The browser caches the public files so even if they are changed in
project, there is no way to show the user the updated one until he refreshes
the browser forcefully.  
2\. For each client we had to modify the code base which is not conventional
for any multi tenant application. If we can bind the clients to a limit on how
far they can change the UI, we can easily make this as a form that needs to
filled up and we wont need to add new files each time a client comes in. Of
course we will make each component as customizable as possible.

So fetching the configurations from InfoTrac will not only make the user
experience better and more effective but also it will make a new client
installation easier and comfortable.

 **Implemetation of Customized Features through UI Graph:**  
We are going for an UI graph during client creation from InfoTrac. In the UI,
the infoimage user will provide client information along with a checklist for
the client customized features. this way we can logically create a client
config json. As this will be a tree containing each parent feature as an
object we can easily design the components to be able to behave as per it is
supposed to according to the provided checklist.

We are currently working on the config json which will help us to visualize
how the UI graph on InfoTrac will look like and then we can figure out the
granular components along with their flow and life cycle for Hypercube 2.0. In
the following graph json and flow diagram we have tried to represent the
client info and enrollment flow. Following flow describes how a single request
life cycle will be handled and how the components would be loaded and the
actions would be triggered.

To make it work with the provided json below we have divided the whole domain
in two parts.  
\- uiGraph  
\- client  
Inside uiGraph we have each pages/parts declared. And the "client" contains
the basic information about the client and other steps configured from
functionality standpoint.  
For example under uiGraph we have "enrollment" object where we have attributes
declared for each steps. under client->sso->ssoMethods we have the sso types
declared under which we have declared the steps for each ssoType. So from the
flow once the user puts in a request to access this enrollment page it will be
first verified by router (using node auth service) and if successful, router
will bring only the enrollment portion of uiGraph and components. Based on the
ssoType by which the user logged in, under "enrollmentSteps" we have an array
of enrollment step names. For each name is described in the uiGraph under
"enrollment" object we have a renderer where we can declare different parts of
the page. So from the flow diagram our renderer will populate the page with
the first array element from "enrollmentSteps" and fetch the object from
"enrollment" by the same name. This object is a combined page of three parts
provided in "renderer" array in json. Such way we can make each part
configurable with individual styles and verbiages. Only the renderers know
what to put where and which component belongs to which part. In the first
element's name of "enrollmentSteps" array we can fetch the first element json
from "enrollment" where we can see the styles defined which will make the ui
styles much more customizable and manageable. We have states for each
component and through the config the Component Loader from the flow diagram
will update the states using the properties (e.g. disabled, visible) and
update the styles provided for this particular component. All
styles/logicHandlers are mapped in the functions inside the component. From
the json in the "buttons" object we can declare new buttons and declare their
functions and map which logic needs to be triggered by the provided "actions-
click". These actions will be executed in the action handler from the flow.
The provided logic will be customizable for each component and can be
different for different clients. The renderer knows the next action which is
to take the enrollment to the next step so the renderer can queue the next
requests.

    
    
    {
      "demo": {
        "uiGraph": {
          "menu": {
            "renderer": [
              {
                "name": "topMenu",
                "components": {
                  "statement": {
                    "text": {
                      "en": "eStatement",
                      "es": "eDeclaraciones" 
                    },
                    "actions": {
                      "click": "routeToStatementPage" 
                    },
                    "style": {},
                    "styleClass": "",
                    "parentStyle": {
                      "style": {},
                      "styleClass": "" 
                    }
                  },
                  "disclosure": {
                    "text": {
                      "en": "Terms and Conditions",
                      "es": "Terminos y Condiciones" 
                    },
                    "actions": {
                      "click": "routeToDisclosurePage" 
                    },
                    "style": {},
                    "styleClass": "",
                    "parentStyle": {
                      "style": {},
                      "styleClass": "" 
                    }
                  },
                  "profile": {
                    "text": {
                      "en": "Profile",
                      "es": "Perfil" 
                    },
                    "actions": {
                      "click": "routeToProfilePage" 
                    },
                    "style": {},
                    "styleClass": "",
                    "parentStyle": {
                      "style": {},
                      "styleClass": "" 
                    },
                    "executorPath": "menu",
                    "states_executable": {
                      "visible": "isProfileTabVisible",
                      "disabled": "isProfileTabDisabled" 
                    }
                  },
                  "logout": {
                    "text": {
                      "en": "Logout",
                      "es": "Cerrar sesion" 
                    },
                    "actions": {
                      "click": "routeToLogoutPage" 
                    },
                    "style": {},
                    "styleClass": "",
                    "parentStyle": {
                      "style": {},
                      "styleClass": "" 
                    }
                  }
                }
              }
            ]
          },
          "enrollment": {
            "pdfVerify": {
              "renderer": [
                {
                  "name": "header",
                  "components": {
                    "headerMain": {
                      "languageSelector": {
                        "style": {
                          "color": "#000",
                          "float": "right" 
                        },
                        "styleClass": "col-md-12",
                        "parent": {
                          "style": {},
                          "styleClass": "col-md-2" 
                        },
                        "languages": [
                          {
                            "name": "English",
                            "value": "en" 
                          },
                          {
                            "name": "Spanish",
                            "value": "es" 
                          }
                        ]
                      },
                      "style": {
                        "backgroundImage": "url('https://firefightersfirstcu.org/Portals/_default/Skins/FFFCU-Skins/assets/img/hpPageBGV4.jpg')",
                        "color": "#000",
                        "height": "90px",
                        "fontSize": "24px",
                        "padding": "10px",
                        "fontWeight": "bold" 
                      },
                      "tag": {
                        "text": "Guidance Financial Institute",
                        "style": {
                          "color": "#0075cb" 
                        },
                        "styleClass": "",
                        "parentStyle": {
                          "style": {},
                          "styleClass": "" 
                        }
                      },
                      "logo": {
                        "src": "http://inforeach-dev.s3.amazonaws.com/email_template_image/demo_email_img/email_07/logo.png",
                        "style": {
                          "height": "61px",
                          "width": "180px" 
                        },
                        "styleClass": "",
                        "parentStyle": {
                          "style": {},
                          "styleClass": "" 
                        },
                        "actions": {
                          "mouseover": "acceptPdfViewableHover" 
                        }
                      }
                    }
                  }
                },
                {
                  "name": "pdfVerifyContent",
                  "components": {
                    "topVerbiage": {
                      "text": {
                        "en": "Can you see the PDF?",
                        "es": "Puedes ver el PDF?" 
                      },
                      "style": {
                        "fontSize": "22px",
                        "fontWeight": "bold",
                        "textAlign": "center" 
                      },
                      "styleClass": "",
                      "parentStyle": {
                        "style": {},
                        "styleClass": "" 
                      }
                    },
                    "pdfViewer": {
                      "iframe": {
                        "path": "http://www.africau.edu/images/default/sample.pdf",
                        "width": "60%",
                        "height": "600px",
                        "frameBorder": "0",
                        "scrolling": "yes",
                        "title": "Sample PDF" 
                      },
                      "actions": {
                        "mouseover": "acceptPdfViewableHover" 
                      },
                      "style": {
                        "fontSize": "16px",
                        "fontWeight": "bold",
                        "textAlign": "center",
                        "width": "100%",
                        "display": "inline-block" 
                      },
                      "styleClass": "",
                      "parentStyle": {
                        "style": {},
                        "styleClass": "" 
                      }
                    },
                    "positiveButton": {
                      "text": {
                        "en": "I Can see",
                        "es": "Puedo ver" 
                      },
                      "actions": {
                        "click": "acceptPdfViewable",
                        "mouseover": "acceptPdfViewableHover" 
                      },
                      "executorPath": "enrollment",
                      "states_executable": {
                        "visible": "alwaysTrue",
                        "disabled": "alwaysFalse" 
                      },
                      "style": {
                        "backgroundColor": "#4CAF50",
                        "border": "none",
                        "color": "white",
                        "padding": "15px 32px",
                        "margin": "10px",
                        "textAlign": "center",
                        "textDecoration": "none",
                        "display": "inline-block",
                        "fontSize": "16px" 
                      },
                      "styleClass": "",
                      "parentStyle": {
                        "style": {},
                        "styleClass": "" 
                      }
                    },
                    "negativeButton": {
                      "text": {
                        "en": "I Cannot see",
                        "es": "No Puedo ver" 
                      },
                      "actions": {
                        "click": "rejectPdfViewable" 
                      },
                      "executorPath": "enrollment",
                      "states_executable": {
                        "visible": "alwaysTrue",
                        "disabled": "alwaysFalse" 
                      },
                      "style": {
                        "backgroundColor": "#f44336",
                        "border": "none",
                        "margin": "10px",
                        "color": "white",
                        "padding": "15px 32px",
                        "textAlign": "center",
                        "textDecoration": "none",
                        "display": "inline-block",
                        "fontSize": "16px" 
                      },
                      "styleClass": "",
                      "parentStyle": {
                        "style": {},
                        "styleClass": "" 
                      }
                    }
                  }
                },
                {
                  "name": "footer",
                  "components": {
                    "footerMain": {
                      "text": {
                        "en": "All Rights reserved",
                        "es": "Todos los derechos reservados" 
                      },
                      "style": {
                        "backgroundColor": "#FFFF33",
                        "color": "#ff0000",
                        "padding": "20px",
                        "fontSize": "15px" 
                      },
                      "styleClass": "",
                      "parentStyle": {
                        "style": {},
                        "styleClass": "" 
                      },
                      "left_image_path": "path_to_image",
                      "right_image_path": "path_to_image" 
                    }
                  }
                }
              ]
            },
            "disclosure": {
              "renderer": [
                {
                  "name": "header",
                  "components": {
                    "headerMain": {
                      "text": "Please view and accept disclosure",
                      "style": {},
                      "styleClass": "",
                      "parentStyle": {
                        "style": {},
                        "styleClass": "" 
                      }
                    }
                  }
                },
                {
                  "name": "disclosureContent",
                  "components": {
                    "topVerbiage": {
                      "text": "Please view all the available disclosures",
                      "style": {},
                      "styleClass": "",
                      "parentStyle": {
                        "style": {},
                        "styleClass": "" 
                      }
                    },
                    "disclosureContentMain": {
                      "path": "path_to_sample_pdf",
                      "style": {},
                      "styleClass": "",
                      "parentStyle": {
                        "style": {},
                        "styleClass": "" 
                      },
                      "disclosureTypes": [
                        {
                          "name": "default",
                          "text": "Statements" 
                        },
                        {
                          "name": "enotice",
                          "text": "eNotices" 
                        }
                      ]
                    },
                    "positiveButton": {
                      "text": "I Accept",
                      "actions": {
                        "click": "acceptDisclosure" 
                      },
                      "executorPath": "enrollment",
                      "states_executable": {
                        "visible": "isPositiveButtonVisible",
                        "disabled": "isPositiveButtonDisabled" 
                      },
                      "style": {},
                      "styleClass": "",
                      "parentStyle": {
                        "style": {},
                        "styleClass": "" 
                      }
                    },
                    "negativeButton": {
                      "text": "I do not accept",
                      "actions": {
                        "click": "rejectDisclosure" 
                      },
                      "executorPath": "enrollment",
                      "states_executable": {
                        "visible": "isNegativeButtonVisible",
                        "disabled": "isNegativeButtonDisabled" 
                      },
                      "style": {},
                      "styleClass": "",
                      "parentStyle": {
                        "style": {},
                        "styleClass": "" 
                      }
                    }
                  }
                },
                {
                  "name": "footer",
                  "components": {
                    "footerMain": {
                      "text": {
                        "en": "All Rights reserved",
                        "es": "Todos los derechos reservados" 
                      },
                      "style": {
                        "backgroundColor": "#FFFF33",
                        "color": "#ff0000",
                        "padding": "20px",
                        "fontSize": "15px" 
                      },
                      "styleClass": "",
                      "parentStyle": {
                        "style": {},
                        "styleClass": "" 
                      },
                      "left_image_path": "path_to_image",
                      "right_image_path": "path_to_image" 
                    }
                  }
                }
              ]
            },
            "accountPreferences": {
              "renderer": [
                {
                  "name": "header",
                  "components": {
                    "headerMain": {
                      "text": "Please view and accept disclosure",
                      "style": {},
                      "styleClass": "",
                      "parentStyle": {
                        "style": {},
                        "styleClass": "" 
                      }
                    }
                  }
                },
                {
                  "name": "accountPreferencesContent",
                  "components": {
                    "topVerbiage": {
                      "text": "A very long verbiage",
                      "style": {},
                      "styleClass": "",
                      "parentStyle": {
                        "style": {},
                        "styleClass": "" 
                      }
                    },
                    "accountPreferencesContentMain": {
                      "paperlessConfiguration": "bySelective",
                      "statements": {
                        "default": {
                          "name": "default",
                          "text": "Monthly Statement",
                          "following": "default",
                          "paperlessRestrictions": "",
                          "paperDependents": [
                            "enotice",
                            "etax" 
                          ],
                          "disablePaper": true
                        },
                        "visa": {
                          "name": "visa",
                          "text": "Visa",
                          "following": "default",
                          "paperlessRestrictions": "",
                          "paperDependents": [],
                          "disablePaper": false
                        },
                        "loan": {
                          "name": "loan",
                          "text": "Loan",
                          "following": "default",
                          "paperlessRestrictions": "",
                          "paperDependents": [],
                          "disablePaper": false
                        },
                        "enotice": {
                          "name": "enotice",
                          "text": "eNotice",
                          "following": "enotice",
                          "paperlessRestrictions": "default",
                          "paperDependents": [],
                          "disablePaper": true
                        },
                        "etax": {
                          "name": "etax",
                          "text": "eTax",
                          "following": "default",
                          "paperlessRestrictions": "",
                          "paperDependents": [],
                          "disablePaper": false
                        }
                      },
                      "style": {},
                      "styleClass": "",
                      "parentStyle": {
                        "style": {},
                        "styleClass": "" 
                      }
                    },
                    "positiveButton": {
                      "text": "Sumit",
                      "actions": {
                        "click": "submitClicked" 
                      },
                      "executorPath": "enrollment",
                      "states_executable": {
                        "visible": "isSubmitButtonVisible",
                        "disabled": "isSubmitButtonDisabled" 
                      },
                      "style": {},
                      "styleClass": "",
                      "parentStyle": {
                        "style": {},
                        "styleClass": "" 
                      }
                    }
                  }
                },
                {
                  "name": "footer",
                  "components": {
                    "footerMain": {
                      "text": {
                        "en": "All Rights reserved",
                        "es": "Todos los derechos reservados" 
                      },
                      "style": {
                        "backgroundColor": "#FFFF33",
                        "color": "#ff0000",
                        "padding": "20px",
                        "fontSize": "15px" 
                      },
                      "styleClass": "",
                      "parentStyle": {
                        "style": {},
                        "styleClass": "" 
                      },
                      "left_image_path": "path_to_image",
                      "right_image_path": "path_to_image" 
                    }
                  }
                }
              ]
            }
          },
          "eStatement": {},
          "disclosure": {},
          "profile": {}
        },
        "client": {
          "info": {
            "id": "demo",
            "cid": "demo",
            "defaultPage": "eStatements",
            "companyURL": "http://www.demo.com/" 
          },
          "steps": {
            "enrollment": {
              "digitalInsightV2": [
                "pdfVerify",
                "disclosure",
                "accountPreferences" 
              ],
              "fiserv": [
                "disclosure",
                "pdfVerify",
                "accountPreferences" 
              ],
              "fis": [
                "disclosure",
                "accountPreferences" 
              ],
              "dso": [
                "pdfVerify",
                "disclosure",
                "accountPreferences" 
              ]
            }
          },
          "sso": {
            "ssoMethods": {
              "default": "digitalInsightV2",
              "defaultTokenName": "key",
              "fiserv": {
                "password": "secretkeys",
                "clientCode": "00001234",
                "usrAutoCreate": "n",
                "acctAutoCreate": "n",
                "checkPrimaryUser": "n",
                "removeUFA": "n" 
              },
              "digitalInsightV2": {
                "password": "secretkeys",
                "usrAutoCreate": "y",
                "acctAutoCreate": "y",
                "checkPrimaryUser": "n",
                "removeUFA": "n",
                "redirectTo": "redirectToPage" 
              },
              "fis": {
                "password": "secretkeys" 
              }
            }
          },
          "dso": {
            "dsoUserIdentification": {
              "business": {
                "ssn9": "Business Tax ID" 
              }
            },
            "isCaptchaEnabled": true,
            "isPasswordhintEnabled": false
          }
        }
      }
    }


