title: Saving Browser Signature on MFA
body: # **Dual Authentication Check**

  

 **Step : 1  ** To log into Infotrac, users have to provide login credentials.

  

  

 **Step : 2  **If the browser signature of the browser that the user is using
for accessing Infotrac was previously saved, or if the  **Multi-Factor
Authentication  **is disabled for a CID, then the " **Dual Authentication
Page** " will not appear and the user will be redirected to the home page.

However, If the **Multi-Factor Authentication** is enabled for a CID and the
browser signature was not previously saved, the " **Dual Authentication Page**
" page will be displayed. This page will require the Email address for
validating and let the user authenticate Infotrac.

  

  

  

 **Step : 3  **If the Email address is provided by the user and the submit
button is clicked, an email with 'token' will be sent to that email address.
To get verified by this  **Multi-Factor Authentication** , users need to
provide the token in the "Token" input field and click on the 'Submit' button.
This procedure will verify and let the user access Infotrac through " **Dual
Authentication Check** ".

If the user wants to save their browser as a trusted device and expect not to
go through this "Dual Authentication Check" process, they should check the
"Save Browser" checkbox. If the " **Save Browser** " checkbox is checked, the
signature of the browser that is the user is using to access Inftorac will be
saved by Infotrac for a limited period of time. Within this time period,
Infotrac will recognize this browser, and as long as the users use the saved
browser to log into Infotrac " **Dual Authentication Check** " will not appear
and they will be redirected to the home page. However, after the time period
expires if users try to log into Infotrac again, then the " **Dual
Authentication Check** " will appear and users need to verify themselves again
by providing the Email address and the token sent to that address. Then the
users can again check the " **Save Browse** r" checkbox to let Infotrac
recognize the browser and renew the time period.

If the " **Save Browser " **checkbox is not checked the browser signature will
not be saved and Infotrac will not recognize the browser. Therefore the user
will need to verify using the " **Dual Authentication Check** " again when
they try to log into Infotrac the next time.

  

  

 **Step : 4  **After this point, Infotrac will redirect the user to the home
page, and users will be able to use Infotrac and all the functionalities they
are allowed to use.

  

  

 **Step :   4.1  **But, if for some reason Infotrac fails to store the browser
signature into the database an error message will be displayed for few seconds
to notify the user about the issue. After few seconds this message will
disappear. As the browser signature is not saved, Infotrac will not be able to
recognize the browser, and therefore the next time user tries to log into
Infotrac will have to go through the "Dual Authentical Check" page again.

This will happen only if it fails to save the browser even though "Save
Browser" was checked. **But, nothing will break for this failure and user
won't loose any feature or functionality in any module for this.**

  

  

#  **Trusted Browsers List**

A list of already trusted browsers can be viewed from the   **User
Management**. The " **Trusted Browser** " link can be found under the "
**Manage**   **Settings** ".

  

  

  

If the " **Trusted Browser " **link is clicked users will be redirected to a
new page with a table containing the list of already saved browser signatures
and their information. The table has few columns that contain relevant
information.

  *  **Created At** : This column shows when this particular browser was saved.
  *  **Device:  **This column shows what kind of device was used by users.
  *  **Browser Name:  **The name of the browser will be shown
  *  **Browser Version:  **Version of the browser that was used by the user.
  *  **Operating System:  **Name of the operating system that was used.
  *  **Last Login:  **Date and time when the user logged into Infotrac with the same browser last time. 

In the " **Action " **column, a " **Delete** " button is present. Users can
remove a particular trusted browser from this list by clicking on the "
**Deleted** " button.

  

  

A new confirmation pop-up will appear if the user clicks on the " **Delete** "
button. If the " **Delete** " button of the confirmation pop-up is clicked
then that particular trusted browser will be removed from the list. Once a
trusted browser is removed then that browser signature will not be recognized
by Infotrac. Therefore when the user will try to log into Infotrac with that
browser " **Dual Authentication Check** " will appear again and the user will
need to go through the process again.


