title: Slack Integration
body: # Overview

* * *

Jira provides robust workflows and project tracking. If your team uses Jira,
integrate one of these apps to stay up-to-date without ever leaving Slack.

  

# Jira Cloud

* * *

You're using the cloud version of Jira, you want Jira notifications in Slack,
and you want a little extra. No problem! Use the Jira Cloud app to put Jira
bot to work and get even more Jira magic in Slack.  

 **Here's how it works:**

  * Prompt Jira bot to send customizable notifications to you and your channels.
  * When you've connected a project to a Slack channel, Jira bot will automatically preview Jira issues in Slack when they're mentioned.
  * Use slash commands to manage and look up issues in Slack.

# Jira Server Alerts

* * *

If you're looking to only receive Jira notifications in Slack and/or you have
a self-hosted version of Jira, then this is your best option.

 **Here 's how it works:**

  * Receive notifications in Slack when a Jira alert is created or updated.
  * Customize which issue statuses will trigger a notification.

  

 **Note:  **You'll need to be an Administrator in Jira to configure these
apps.

  

# The Jira Cloud app

* * *

To use the Jira Cloud app, your team should be using Jira Cloud. Keep reading
to learn how to get set up.

 **Set up the Jira Cloud app**

  1. Visit the [Jira Cloud page](https://my.slack.com/apps/A2RPP3NFR-jira-cloud?next_id=0) in the Slack App Directory.
  2. Click the  **Add to Slack**  button at the top of the page.
  3. Select the Slack workspace you'd like Jira Cloud to authorize.
  4. Click  **Authorize**.

Jira bot will send you a direct message to confirm you've successfully
connected the app. To get started, simply invite Jira bot to one of your
channels or use the slash command  **/jira connect [your Jira URL]**.

  

 **Jira Server Alerts**

 **Set up Jira server alerts**

  1. Visit the [Jira Server alerts page](https://slack.com/apps/A0F7YS3MZ-jira) in the Slack App Directory.
  2. Click  **Install**  below the Jira icon on the left.
  3.  **Choose a channel**  where you'd like Jira notifications to be posted.
  4. Click  **Add Jira integration**.
  5. Copy the webhook URL on the page.
  6. In your Jira account, click  **System**  in the  **Administration**  menu.
  7. Click  **Webhooks**  in the sidebar under  **Advanced**.
  8. Click  **Create a Webhook**  to see the webhook creation form,  **enter a name**  (e.g., Slack), and paste in the  **webhook URL**  from step #5.
  9.   10. Under  **Events** , choose what you'd like to receive notifications for.
  11. Click  **Create**  when you're done.

 **Limit updates to certain Jira projects**

Using the Jira Query Language (JQL), you can limit your webhook to only post
notifications from certain projects. For a single project, use project =
"Project A", and for multiple projects, use project in ("Project A","Project
B").  

 **Customize  Jira status changes**

Slack will automatically post some issue status changes (e.g.  **Open   _ _
Done** and  **Closed   _ _  Reopened**), but you can also customize the
supported transitions to suit your team's needs.

For example, you can add a status change when an issue transitions from  **In
Development   _ _ In Review**. Status names must match the statuses that are
configured in your team's Jira account.

 **Wildcard status changes**

We also allow the use of wildcards in place of a single status. For example,
if you want to receive notifications when any issue (regardless of its status)
transitions to  **Done** , you can add a status change that reads  ***   _ _
Done**.

 **Event logs**

When a Jira issue is created or updated, we temporarily log the event to help
with debugging. You can check this log to see if a given status change was
delivered or ignored. If you want to then support this status change, it's
easy to add to your list!


