title: SSCU - Overview
body:   

## [A]. SSCU - PathWays Instant Enrollment

InfoImage has taken up implementation for SSCU PathWays Instant Enrollment -
eStatements profile update for paperless (email) statement delivery feature.
The service will be developed & built using Mule ESB by using PathWays
Framework SDK in order to make profile updates/changes to target Fiserv Core-
DB Spectrum system.

SSCU has identified 3 potential service entry-points to kick-off the instant
enrollment process. In turn, enrollment process will update the Fiserv
Spectrum Core-DB to update the custom flag (Flag 69) for Member-level control
flag. The eStatement application will use Flag-69 for eStatement delivery
purpose.

SSCU has identified & created a custom flag (Flag 69) that they call their
**Member-level control flag**  to store the user preferences.

  * "1" = Member enrolled into eStatements (i.e. paperless statement delivery)
  * "0" = Member not enrolled into eStatements

SSCU would like us to turn on/off Flag 69 for the following scenarios:

  1. Member enrolls into eStatements on the Member Site for the first time
  2. Member changes their paperless status through the Member Site profile page ('paper -> e' or 'e -> paper')
  3. AI user changes a member's paperless status through the AI Site Account Information page ('paper -> e' or 'e -> paper')
  4. Nightly batch process to update the flag for anyone who changes their status while Fiserv's core goes down for nightly maintenance at 7:30 PM-8:45 PM, or end-of-month maintenance, or anytime the core is down in general.
    * We will add all member enrollment updates to a queue when the core is not available. We will attempt to reach the core at regular intervals until the set expiration period has passed (use expiration period of 5 hours). If the core is not back up after the set expiration period, an email should be sent internally (include SSCU's Account Coordinator), which should list out the member account numbers whose enrollment information was dropped from the queue so that SSCU can be notified and they will make the appropriate updates to the core so that all enrollment status is in sync.
  5. Other vendors (Andrea - member self-service and NAOP - CU teller-level) enrolls members into eStatements.
  6. Also, when a member enrolls through the Member Site, SSCU would like the mail field to be pre-populated with the email address stored in Fiserv's core.

  

Given below diagram describes integration touch-points for the SSCU/Pathways
Instant Enrollment.

* * *

  
  

## [B] FiServer Spectrum

The Spectrum account processing system from Fiserv enables credit unions to
streamline their operations and reap the benefits of new revenue
opportunities.

The Spectrum account processing system serves many of the nation's leading
credit unions with its broad suite of browser-based financial applications,
electronic services and technology tools delivered through an open, robust
platform. Spectrum is a comprehensive, modular, real-time system that
automates virtually every aspect of a credit union.

Available in an in-house, service bureau or resource management delivery
model, Spectrum provides a suite of browser-based financial applications,
electronic services and technology tools. The application is based on the HP-
UX operating system and industry standard technology including Web Services,
XML, SOAP and Java. The modern Spectrum system provides credit unions with
enhanced member services and advanced system customization capabilities.

Branch Suite for Spectrum provides intuitive navigation for credit union staff
with instant access to each member's financial information, including profile
information, account services with transaction detail, histories and balances.
With this powerful tool your front line staff can provide exceptional member
service and effectively cross sell your products and services to strengthen
the member relationship.  
  

  

###  **PathWays  for Spectrum**

PathWays for Spectrum provides tight integration and rapid transfer of
information between the Spectrum system and select Fiserv and third-party
solutions, which often minimizes the redundant entry of information among
multiple systems and streamlines workflows throughout the credit union's
operations.

<http://www.xpsystems.com/spectrum/index.aspx>

PATHWAYS MIDDLEWARE - In its most basic form, this software can be described
as the middleware connection providing open access to all commands (500-plus)
and most transaction capabilities of the  **Summit Spectrum**  core processing
system. In essence, it enables data to be shared with virtually any third-
party or credit union application.

In the past year, 24 credit unions have licensed PathWays to write their own
unique practical applications ranging from workflow screen development to
assist with new accounts processes, adding unique features to online
applications (eAlert and address change capabilities, for example) along with
creating input forms and custom reports.

Given below diagram describes connectivity with PathWays and Spectrum Server.  

Spectrum HP-UX Reference Library

Vendors can access the Spectrum HP-UX Reference Library for in-depth
documentation on Spectrum HP-UX processes.  
Use your PathWays SDK credentials to log on at:  
<https://portal.spectrum.fiserv.com/sxrl>

* * *

  

### Attachments

  


