title: SSO Error Code Reference
body: Infoauth Service is responsible for handling most of the exceptions and errors
that can occur during authentication through SSO. When an error occurs during
SSO authentication it sends and displays an **Error Reference Code  **in the
user interface:

 **Infoauth Service User Interface for SSO Authentication Error Code:**

 **Infotrac User Interface for SSO Authentication Error Code:**

Each error code indicates different error descriptions. Below is the
description for each of these error references:

 **Error #101** :

Client Id is invalid or SSO configuration is not created or found for the
particular client. Creating an SSO configuration is a must for SSO
authentication. Client Id can be found in the SSO configuration. A valid
client id is generated when an SSO configuration is created. If client id can
not be validated or not found or sso configuration was not created or found by
the Infoauth Service, Error Reference Code 101 will be displayed.

 **Error #102:**

Client secret is invalid. A client secret is generated while creating a SSO
configuration for the client. If the provided client secret with SSO URL does
not match with the existing client secret of the SSO configuration, error
reference code 102 will be displayed.

 **Error #103:**

Claim(s) are invalid (No valid CID or Email is not found). CID and Email are
mandatory claims that are required for SSO authentication. If CID or Email are
not sent by the client authorization service or if the CID or Email can not be
validated, Error Reference Code 103 will be displayed.

 **Error #104:**

JSON Web Token expired. A JWT token is sent for user authorization during SSO
authentication. This token remains valid for a short timeframe and can be used
only once. Token's validity expires if the timeframe ends or if it is used at
most once already. If the token's validity expires, Error Reference Code 104
will be displayed.

 **Error #105:**

If for any unexpected circumstance, Infoauth Service or the target application
can not process the authentication request. Error reference code 105 will be
displayed.

 **Error #106:**

SSO is disabled.

If SSO functionality is not enabled from the feature settings for a client and
if any user still tries to authenticate to the target application using the
SSO URL, Error reference code: 106 will be displayed.


