title: Understanding Jira's search bar and JQL
body: Source: <https://community.atlassian.com/t5/Jira-articles/How-to-search-in-
Jira/ba-p/1497223>

  

Please also reference the attached cheat sheet at the bottom for your
convenience!

  

 **  
Intro to search in Jira**

Using search you can gain key project insights and answer most questions that
are relevant to the team, either in an ongoing manner or with specific just-
in-time team questions.

The three flavors of search in Jira-- **quick** , **  basic**, and
**advanced** --can help you find important information about your projects.
It's designed to flex to your needs from simple text/keyword-based quick
searches to complex, syntax-powered advanced searches using JQL (Jira Query
Language).

  

Here's a quick  **video overview**  (3 mins.) you can start with, or scroll
down to read more about each type of search.

  

##  **How to use quick search**

Quick search is a text/keyword-based tool accessed best from the main
navigation at the top of the page. You can use it to search across
multiple/all projects to  **find issues** , **  boards**, and **  queues**,
along with  **text within  **those items.

From the instant you interact with the quick search, you'll see groupings of
recent items you've worked on, the first of many ways Jira will assist you to
efficiently find content.

###  **Starting a quick search**

  1. Go to the main navigation bar, or press / on your keyboard
  2. Begin typing, or choose from recent items; Jira will predictively begin to show you matches
  3. Optionally, filter the search results by  **Issues** ,  **Boards** ,  **Projects** ,  **Filters**  and  **People**
  4. Select an item or continue to advanced search for issues (press  **Enter**  on your keyboard)

###  **Tip: enhance quick search with syntax**

You can enhance/modify a simple text/keyword quick search with  **syntax
**cues. Remember that this helps you narrow a search  _before_  you hit enter
to trigger the search.

Here's how it works using sample text/keyword(s):

We enter the search text/keyword "feature."

Immediately you see this text is in the summary for at least six issues in our
Jira account.

Next, we add " **NOT 1** " to the search text/keyword.

You'll see that the two issues containing "Feature NOT 1" are excluded from
the results, while other instances of "feature" remain.

Here we modify the search to search for "feature"  **OR  **"sample," with
matching issues reflecting either of the two words.

As noted above, all this action is taken within the search field itself; Jira
is predictively helping you find issues  _before_  you hit enter.

IMPORTANT: While search terms are not case sensitive, text-field search
keywords such as NOT, OR, and AND  **must be capitalized**.

Related resources:

  * [How to perform a quick search](https://support.atlassian.com/jira-software-cloud/docs/perform-a-quick-search/?ref=community_jira&training_articles_links&jira_cloud_basics_8&article_links_basic) 
  * [Using search syntax for text fields](https://support.atlassian.com/jira-software-cloud/docs/search-syntax-for-text-fields/?ref=community_jira&training_articles_links&jira_cloud_basics_8&article_links_text)

 **How to use basic search**

Basic search sounds like a "quick search," but is actually a powerful tool to
do complex queries without knowing how to use Jira Query Language (JQL).

###  **Starting a basic search**

The text box in basic search works much like that of quick search, but is
limited to searching only issues.

  1. From the main navigation, select  **Search**  and  **Go to all: Issues**  
 _NOTE: If the Advanced/JQL search is shown instead of basic, click  _ **
_Switch to Basic_**

  2. On the "All Issues" page, set your search criteria, like  **Project** ,  **Status** , and  **Assignee**
  3. Optionally, enter text to search for and add more criteria by clicking  **+More**
  4. Click  **Search**

All issues matching those criteria will be displayed in the Issues Navigator
(i.e. where search results are displayed). You can then use filters to narrow
the results.

###  **Tip: enhance basic search with syntax**

Like quick search, syntax can be used with basic search to perform more
complex queries.

Related resource:

  * [How to perform a basic search](https://support.atlassian.com/jira-software-cloud/docs/perform-a-basic-search/?ref=community_jira&training_articles_links&jira_cloud_basics_8&article_links_basic) 

##  **How to use advanced search**

The advanced search feature allows you to build  **structured queries with
Jira Query Language** , or JQL. You can specify criteria that cannot be
defined in the quick or basic searches (e.g., ORDER BY clause). JQL is not a
database query language, even though it uses SQL-like syntax.

Advanced search is a great way to  **configure your own query**  and  **then
carry out a bulk action** , such as finding every issue with a label attached
to it and removing that label.

###  **Starting an advanced search**

  1. Choose  **Filters**  in the navigation bar
  2. Select  **Advanced issue search**
    *  _NOTE: If the Basic search is shown instead of Advanced (JQL), click  _ ** _Switch to JQL_**
  3. If basic search is shown instead of advanced search, click  **Advanced**  (next to the icon). Hint: if advanced search is already enabled, you'll see the  **Switch to basic**  option next to the  **Search**  button
  4. Enter your JQL query. As you type, Jira will offer a list of predictive suggestions based on the context of your query. Note, these predictive suggestions only include the  **first 15 matches** , displayed alphabetically, so you may need to enter more text if you can't find a match
  5. Press enter or click the  **Search**  button to run your query. Your search results will display in the issue navigator.

Related Resources:

  * [What is advanced search in Jira Cloud?](https://support.atlassian.com/jira-software-cloud/docs/what-is-advanced-searching-in-jira-cloud/?ref=community_jira&training_articles_links&jira_cloud_basics_8&article_links_advanced) 
  * [JQL: the most flexible way to search Jira](https://www.atlassian.com/blog/jira-software/jql-the-most-flexible-way-to-search-jira-14?ref=community_jira&training_articles_links&jira_cloud_basics_8&article_links_blog) 

##  **Using filters to narrow results (all searches)**

Filters are used to limit the issues displayed in search results. You'll see
**Filters**  in the issues navigator on the left side navigation.

Filters are very helpful ways to sort and narrow results from any quick,
basic, or advanced search.

For example, after performing a search you click on the  **Open issues**
filter (see left), the results will show all issues in all projects that have
not been closed, or  **Done issues**  will show all the issues completed.

###  ** _Tip: filters are really JQL queries in disguise_**

Filters are actually just a user-friendly face on powerful advanced search
(JQL) queries. If you're curious how JQL works, use the filters, then switch
from basic search to JQL to see the query language behind the filter you
selected.

  

## Related articles

Related articles appear here based on the labels you select. Click to edit the
macro and add or change labels.

false5JIRAfalsemodifiedtruepagelabel in ("search","jql") and type = "page" and
space = "JIRA"jql search

  

true

  

Related issues|  
  
---|---  
  
  

  

  

  


