title: STAR - [00000] [pvt] Set Up Daily Notices for Print and Electronic
description: Setup Daily Notices for Print and Electronic.

(No PDF Archival).

 INTERNAL Smartsheet for Notice List/Mapping:

https://app.smartsheet.com/sheets/jfRfM42GHHqg5Wq8Xm7vvVPpW4fRQQPjgVgQ7j41

Reference SOW for specifications:

http://sharepoint-svr/AS/Shared%20Documents/SOW%20Directory/STAR%20-%20STAR%20Financial%20Bank/SOW/STAR%20Daily%20Notices%20SOW%20Not%20Signed.docx

 

Reference timeline (will be adjusted once we review with programming):

https://app.smartsheet.com/sheets/pmw2MmRQMg8mvpwFvCf7Hc2jfp8Vc6wrWM5CrC91

 


author: mamunur.rashid
comment: [~phoebe.george],

Is there any update on this project? Is the index file ready to test?


author: JIRAUSER10912
comment: Hi [~mamunur.rashid] 

Can you please upload the resources[^STARDLFC.TIF][^STARDLEH.TIF][^STARDLB1.TIF]

Thanks!


author: mamunur.rashid
comment: [~rumanb],

I uploaded the resources on dev, pilot, and stage.


author: phoebe.george
comment: [~mamunur.rashid] Please also post this eNotice index to pilot site:

20221014_1_20221024_2125_star.txt

Please reference SOW also to include the 'eNotice Name' - attached here; you can reference the table at the end of the document; eNotice name is column 2 on the table.






author: mamunur.rashid
comment: [~phoebe.george],

I didn't find this index file in the pilot server. Also in the name of the file there is no prefix like dnb, dla etc.


author: phoebe.george
comment: [~mamunur.rashid] Sorry, I was cutting and pasting the name from a group chat and left that out! The file came from DSI programmer, can you locate from here?

/t/isd_input_dev/I3/process-files/star/dla_20221014_1_20221024_2125_star.txt

Adding [~rumanb] - FYI


author: mamunur.rashid
comment: [~phoebe.george],

Now I got the files in PUI server. Working on this. It will take some time. Cause I have to add type codes in our database.


author: mamunur.rashid
comment: [~phoebe.george],

I saw that the file has already been posted on pilot with good count = 153 and bad count = 119. I have added the type codes for enotice on pilot DB.


author: phoebe.george
comment: [~mamunur.rashid] I see that the PDF is posted, but when I go to click the PDF to view, I get this error message - can you check?

!image-2022-10-26-09-26-54-239.png!


author: mamunur.rashid
comment: [~phoebe.george],

Maybe you tried to open pdf for the wrong account. I was able to open pdf for account number1126903 successfully.


author: phoebe.george
comment: [~mamunur.rashid] That is so strange, I can view the PDF's now. I did try multiple times, just to make sure. Can you confirm if the cycle that you posted is in pilot, in addition to what you noted was already posted? If so, is there any way to pull down the original posting? The account I checked happened to have two eNotices for that cycle and they look to be duplicates. Thank you!


author: mamunur.rashid
comment: [~phoebe.george],

I haven't posted the files. It was posted previously. There were two files posted which contains same accounts. That's why those accounts have two enotices.

!image-2022-10-26-21-48-27-393.png!

Should I undo other file than dla_20221014_1_20221024_2125_star.txt?


author: mamunur.rashid
comment: [~phoebe.george],

I undid the other files. So you can see only one enotice.


author: phoebe.george
comment: [~mamunur.rashid] Great, thank you! STAR is reviewing pilot now.


author: JIRAUSER10912
comment: Hi [~mamunur.rashid]

Can you please upload the resources[^S1STARP1.300] [^STARDLB2.TIF] [^STARF2.TIF] [^STARF1.TIF] [^S1STARLG.300] [^S1STARP2.300]
 Thanks!


author: mamunur.rashid
comment: [~rumanb], [~phoebe.george]

I uploaded the resources on dev, pilot and stage environment. I couldn't uploadS1STARLG.300, cause it seems like this file is already there.


author: JIRAUSER10912
comment: [~mamunur.rashid] 

Sorry, the resource*S1STARLG.300* is already in production and I also used it by taking from production. So There is no need to upload it.

Thanks!


author: JIRAUSER10912
comment: Hi [~mamunur.rashid] 

Can you please upload the following resources ?

*STARDLB1.TIF* 
*STARDLB2.TIF* 
*STARDLEH.TIF* 
*STARDLFC.TIF* 
*STARDLP1.TIF* 
*STARDLP2.TIF* 
*STARF1.TIF* 
*STARF2.TIF*


Thanks!


author: mamunur.rashid
comment: [~rumanb],

Uploading is done for dev, pilot, and stage.


author: phoebe.george
comment: [~mamunur.rashid] Can you post this morning?

Here is the pilot ISD Index file :[^dla_20221014_1_20221114_0515_star.txt]
 File full path :*/t/isd_input_dev/I3/process-files/star/dla_20221014_1_20221114_0515_star.txt*

*Thanks,*

*Phoebe*


author: eric.yan
comment: [~phoebe.george],

The index is already posted by system this morning.

!image-2022-11-14-10-10-51-481.png!



sample acct #:

1193835

1126903

1176670


author: phoebe.george
comment: [~eric.yan] Can you also load the resources noted in previous comment from Ruman earlier today?

Hi [~mamunur.rashid]

Can you please upload the following resources ?

*STARDLB1.TIF* 
 *STARDLB2.TIF* 
 *STARDLEH.TIF* 
 *STARDLFC.TIF* 
 *STARDLP1.TIF* 
 *STARDLP2.TIF* 
 *STARF1.TIF* 
 *STARF2.TIF*


author: eric.yan
comment: [~phoebe.george],

I've checked and all resources were uploaded by [~mamunur.rashid]already. I also pulled all previous posts except the latest to avoid any confusion.


author: phoebe.george
comment: [~mamunur.rashid] Are you able to post these to pilot ASAP? I didn't see that it auto-posted:



pilot ISD Index file :[^dla_20221014_1_20221116_0735_star.txt]
 pilot index file path : /t/isd_input_dev/I3/process-files/star/*dla_20221014_1_20221116_0735_star.txt*


author: mamunur.rashid
comment: [~phoebe.george]

When I tried to post the file you mentioned PUI said that this file is already posted. But I didn't find the job ID where this file is posted. Then I noticed that there was another file (dla_20221014_1_20221115_1042_star.txt) that contains some identical data asdla_20221014_1_20221116_0735_star.txt. So checksum was matched for these two files. This is the reason I couldn't post*dla_20221014_1_20221116_0735_star.txt*
