title: Paperless Management - Added Validation Logic Global Improvement
description: a


author: william.kong
comment: Pending verification from DP on any feedback.  Also, last action item from previous meeting was to consider consolidating the isisdisk.sh and isisdisk_daily.sh. 3/25: we will have a sign off meeting with Neil to start 4/15.

4/1:  Tien will not be assigned.  It will be someone else.

4/29:  Now the DR is completed, Peter is going to start in Mid-June.

7/1:  Peter is going to start kicking off this project now the DR reporting is completed.

8/5:  He has asked Andy to take a look and scope out a timeline for this project. 

8/12: need new timeline from Peter.

11/4: Per Peter no immediate plan, need to discuss with Will when he comes back
